I'll try to list some books that are not in this stream yet:   if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you :    it ebooks.info/book/ 7/    it ebooks.info  Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf   . if you just installed RStudio :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Getting Started with RStudio   if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :     it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R Graphics Cookbook     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones  :         it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science with R         it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R for Data Science    if you want to make machine learning then try :          it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers    if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :          it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Social Media Mining with R      if you want some business analytics examples :          it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining  R book try :         it ebooks.info/book/  /?utm_campaign=Feed% A+IT eBooks+(Free+Download+IT+eBooks);utm_medium=email;utm_source=feedburner    it ebooks.info  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :          it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis  using techniques such as PCA then try :    it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Mastering Scientific Computing with R        Predictive analysis on data :           it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  Enjoy : )
  Quora is clearly both of them  a forum and a social network.  On Quora you find posts and of course answers which are common features of forums. While you read and post your answers you can follow and get followed by users which is more a social network.  By combining these two things  Quora is creating one of the most great experiences you can find online when it comes to reading interesting content and points of view and following people. This combination  together with the user friendly interface makes Quora a great forum and social network.
   I very much enjoy reading  “A few things to know about Machine Learning  and  “Unique in the Crowd: The privacy bounds of human mobility   The reason why I single out those two papers is that they are among the first papers I have read as a computer scientist and the ones that greatly influenced my future work. It is also becouse those papers are very well written and easy to understand.  Sometimes I like to go back and read those two papers again and again and I feel that I learn something new everytime I do it.
    I know that different online courses provide one to one mentorship.  One of those is the following course    www.springboardworkshops/data science intensive    springboard   Intermediate Data Science: Python   Online Course | Springboard which provides a weekly on   mentor calls and project reviews for as long as you are enrolled in the course.  The mentorship includes not only help with data analysis projects but also advice on possible job opportunites. Though a bit expensive these kind of courses might be actually the best way to enter the job market as a data scientist or analyst.
   A word cloud is a graphics that displays the frequency of the words appearing in a piece of text as a cloud. The bigger the words and more frequent that word is in the text analyzed.  I think that the biggest words in the word graphics correspond to the most followed topics. The “Quora  topic is certainly one of those so it should appear in the graphics.
    An official meetup happening during Quora World Meetup Week     is of course the one that will take place in Bologna  Italy on    of June    .  The physical place and the timetable of the event will follow soon.  Edit    May       The place of the meetup will be Bar Igea in Via dell’Indipendenza    inside the old Bologna city center.We’ll meet there at   :   and everybody can stay as much as she/he wants.  The place is very easy to reach also from the train station of which I have attached a map below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   b fd8eb de b b   b   cc  7da
    After reading the other answers in this feed I see that there is missing FreeCodeCamp.  You can find here :    www.freecodecamp/    freecodecamp  Learn to code with free online courses  programming projects  and interview preparation for developer jobs.  These are the different courses that FreeCodeCamp offers for front end development in general and Javascript in particular. And it is all taught for free.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d  d  b  c   cbeb7cc 8cfbbb f
   I know that in accounting you have to generate periodically different reports by crunching data about sales and spendings.  By learning how to build reports in an automated way  will certainly help you to achieve what you are looking to achieve.  So  a great package that you can use in R for building reports is knitr which you find here    yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr   Yihui Xie | 谢益辉 You can also publish the reports by using Rpubs.
   This is the classic question worth   billion dollars : ) However there is a tool which helps us understand what is the current status of the blockchain technology and how it will evolve in the future.  This tool is the Amara’s law which states that “  We tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run and underestimate the effect in the long run /i    So basically the expectations of investors are initally very high and this is what generates all the hype and of course the bubbles. Then  there is the “Peak of inflated expectations   which happens when people realize that a certain technology is not magic but has its limits. This leads straight to the “Trough of Disillusionmen t . Finally  if the technology matures and investors start pouring in money again  we’ll have the “Slope of Enlightement   and “Plateau of procuctivity   where the technology starts keeping its promise to build revolutionary appications.  This curve can explain also how the blockchain technology is evolving and eventually maturig.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b  ddf      cc     bca e8a     (Source Wikipedia)  And this is how blockchain technology comapres with other technologies such as virtual and augmented reality  machine learning or nanotube electronics   explained by the Gartner’s technology hype graphics    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg fa   bc  cea a   f     7    f
    I do use the following:  ul  li clustering algorithms such as kmeans  partitional and DBSCAN    association rules    outlier detection and event detection methods    inferential statistics methods such as linear regression and multiple regression.    language detection systems based on Bayesian statistics    spatio temporal reasoning for matching data points in space and time.    precision recall for measuring the performance of a pattern recognition system /li  /ul
  I think they are already doing it on Quora. You can read some insights on their blog here :    data.quora   Data @ Quora  It would be also very interesting if Quora would have an API like Twitter for example. By querying the API would be possible to gather a lot of data on how users behave on Quora. Unfortunately Quora does not provide such a service and I highly doubt that they will ever offer it.
   I like collecting old coins. In particular coins of coutries that do not exist anymore.  Below a USSR   Ruble coin. It was released for Lenin’s  th birthday.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   ed7dff e   afc b8ce e c  a
  A blog is a way to communicate with people and express yourself on ideas  your profession or more in general on what are you most passionate about.  However  I as a non professional developer would use my blog as a compendium for taking notes on important topics which are useful to my work. I would use the blog as a note book  thus a way to have access to my notes from every place I am.  If I feel that those notes could be useful to other people   wether developers or not  would also consider the idea of sharing those notes with other people interested on the same topics.  And as I know that every developer has his “secret  cheat sheet on keyboard shortcuts  code workarounds and other useful things gathered with bitter tears during years of experience than maybe that cheat sheet can be useful to other developers too.  So to answer your question  I believe that every developer should share his experience so that it can be useful to others.
  My favorite is    www.technologyreview    technologyreview   MIT Technology Review which is mainly about science  technology and how it impacts the world and our societies.  I also enjoy reading    hbr/    hbr  Harvard Business Review   Ideas and Advice for Leaders which is a bit less about science and technology but focuses on the economical aspects that technology have on business. I would also recomend you to have a look at    www.weforum/    weforum  The World Economic Forum  A bit less orthodox but not least interesting to read is    www.theverge    theverge   The Verge and    techcrunch    techcrunch   TechCrunch
  If you alredy have working experience with a programming language and want now to learn Python then this might give you a quick start    www.datasciencecentralprofiles/blogs/learn python in   days step by step guide    datasciencecentral   Learn Python in   days : Step by Step Guide  Otherwise  if this is your first experience in learning a programming language  I would advice to read    headfirstlabsbooks/hfpython/    headfirstlabs   Head First Labs from O'Reilly Media  Inc. ::
  Well  it seems that you can now learn it in three days : ) Here    www.datasciencecentralprofiles/blogs/learn python in   days step by step guide    datasciencecentral   Learn Python in   days : Step by Step Guide
  Absolutely!  Just as Hakon wrote  a good knowledge of OR will complete your CV. In particular  the part of OR which teaches you how to model a problem in order to solve it is a fundamental skill for a data scientist.  Finally  for having a fast algorithm you definitely have to think about complexity and how to handle it better. Well  OR will teach you that part as well.
  With the followong guide you learn Python basics in just three days    www.datasciencecentralprofiles/blogs/learn python in   days step by step guide    datasciencecentral   Learn Python in   days : Step by Step Guide  However  I’m afraid that for mastering the language it will take you a bit more : )  Also the Head First on Python is an enjoyable experience of learning    shop.oreillyproduct/         .do    oreilly   Head First Python
  I have seen nothing like this article on Medium    codeburst.io/   javascript tutorials walkthroughs cb  cc  7e    codeburst.io    + JavaScript Tutorials ; Walkthroughs – codeburst  There you find tutorials about ES  Javascript  functions and arrow function  async /await  Javascript prototypes  different assorted tutorials and interview preparations.
  Thanks for the question!  There is a book which considers this question in a funny way. It is called “College is for suckers  .  I want to catch you attention to a specific paragraph which is this one : “ If you want to live in the world of research and academia  pursuing a PhD might be a suitable lifestyle. However  the trick is actually getting emplyed after obtaining your PhD. And that’s where the odds are agains you /i    As the book states there is a surplus of PhD graduates which is also what happens with many other degrees. Also  in many businesses and in particular startups there are the skills and not the degrees which count for people in order to be employed.  So to answer your question a PhD degree is more valuable to you as a person as the path towards obtaining it might help you learn many things which will be useful for you career later on.  Finally  I belive that a PhD might have a competitive advantage if you are trying to find a job in large enterprices in particular if you want to work for their R;D department.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg c 77a dd  deef f 8a  c f f  c
  There is a book of title “Statistics for Machine Learning  of which cover is attached below. There you find examples of machine learning algorithms such as k means or KNN implemented in both languages  Python and R.  By examining those examples you will see that in some cases Python will require less lines of code while in other cases it is R which is more thin. So for unsupervised machine learning the two languages are equivalent in terms of power and number of packages.  However if you need to use deep learning algorithms  in particular for text processing  then it is Python which is much better as the libraries Python offers for this kind of task are unbeatable. TensorFlow and PyTorch are some of those.  Also Python integrates better with the rest of your analysis as it is a general purpose language. When you have to make fast prototyping using Python is easy as eating a piece of cake. So yes  Python has a certain advantage mainly becouse other than offering one of the best collections of machine learning libriaries is also a general purpose language. However  for what regards deep learning algorithms R is catching up. Finally there is Octave as a third choice for deep learnig.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e     ea c f   bee f a     cfc
   Dynamic heatmaps  are great examples of beautiful data visualization. Normally a heatmap shows the density of an observation in a precise moment of time.  A dynamic heatmap instead  will show you the density of the observation in time and how it will evolve. That means that a dynamic heatmap can show you how the density moves inside your observation space. This way you can understand much better the phenomena studied.  For example the dynamic map below shows the number of traces from Flickr users making pictures in different locations of Veneto county  Italy. By aggregating these data by hour it is possible to make one heatmap for each hour of the day from  to   .  Then inserting those heatmaps in a video and adjusting the speed of presentation you have a dynamic heatmap. In this case it shows how during the different hours of the day  the black number at the bottom right  the Flickr users move from the city center to the suburbs.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d   da    f   e7     eab  e  style= max width:  %;   div class= gif_embed_noclick   /div  For builiding each of the maps  I have used the Google Maps API which is fairy easy to use.    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/layer heatmap    google   Heatmaps  |  Google Maps JavaScript API   |  Google Developers  I also had to transform my .mp  video into a .gif file in order to load it on Quora.
  If you mean heat maps over geographic data then you can try ggmap    cran.r project/web/packages/ggmap/ggmap.pdf    r project  cran.r project/web/p...  I have been using it for my last work to visualize location data on industrial production concentration over a geographic area as below    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    b 8f  cd8 aa7  bbe7    dec    Also a good example to follow in order to build one for yourself is the following    blog.dominodatalabgeographic visualization with rs ggmaps/    dominodatalab   Geographic visualization with R's ggmap
  Thank you for asking!  My top three R libraries are as following:   As I have to make reports and papers one of the most useful libraries I use is Knitr and you find it here    yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr   Yihui Xie | 谢益辉   For manipulating data I often use sqldf   cran.r project/web/packages/sqldf/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package sqldf     I use arules and arulesViz for pattern discovery such as frequent itemsets and association rules and also RWeka as Weka in pure Java is a bit slow : )
 Both!  As my higer education degree is by definition interdisciplinary   MSc and PhD in Industrial Innovation Engineering  I very much enjoy learning a bit of everything. This is what they call “mile wide and inch deep . But I also know that it is very important to be an expert in something so I picked up IT.  To summarize I “Try to learn something of everything and everything about something .
  If the space in your hard drive is not a problem  I would suggest Anaconda.  It is an integrated IDE and also has package management. This is something like Maven in Java. I didn’t know there was something similar in Python!!  So yes  you can install Anaconda but you should prepare  Gbit of free space if you want all the packages. Otherwise there is Miniconda which saves you a bit of space    conda.io/miniconda.html    conda.io  Miniconda   Conda
  Sorry  I’m not informed on this matter! So I can’t answer or express any opinion about it.  Thank you however for drawing my attention on this. I will read something about it for sure.
  You can try    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention .  Refind will collect articles about the topics you love most and show them in a feed. The main feature of Refind  is that it will help you get you out of your    en.wikipedia/wiki/Filter_bubble    wikipedia  Filter bubble   Wikipedia you might have created on Facebook.  Moreover Refind combines people and content in order to find the best mix of articles which are relevant for you.  So relevance is also another main feature of Refind. The graphics below shows how Refind positions itself.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      bb   c7c e  a  bac 8d7caf    If you want to know more about Refind they you can check here    relevance munity/    relevance munity  Why we're building Refind and giving away   billion coins
     refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   R efind is one of those sites.  You can insert the topics you love such as technology  marketing  business  art or anything you want and Refind will find the most recent and relevant articles about those topics.  It works better if you have a twitter account. You can try it here    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention
  I have two countries Italy and Albania as I’m a citizen of both. Since Italy is already taken from the    /What is your country in five maps/answer/Linda Bagnati?share=f   cb ;srid=n bS  Linda Bagnati's answer to What is your country in five maps? I will try to explain Albania in five maps.  Albania ? What is it? Is it a country? Where is it ? Well  yes Albania is a country. It is a tiny country in the Balkans.  Here are some maps about it.  I already told you it is a small country  did I ?  (Map number  )   Yeap  the green dot is Albania.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  77dfd b c  c  a  bb bc e7f    (Map number  )   Here is an impactful view : ) .. as seen from my Google Earth GIS.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 8e ddaa aefc e   c   a a  b      (Map number  )   This is how the different districts or administrative areas voted in the last political elections    7.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg cf eeb dce         be   8cfe    (Map number )   Here is my beloved city: Berat    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7aa   ada e7d     ca c  eb    (Map number )   This is the map where ethnic Albanians live.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg df  e    beb7ae  a 8f7     7f
   The most active blockchains are Bitcoin and Ethereum but also Bitshares and Steem.  Here you go with a graphics that shows their usage and capacity utilized!    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ad    afdf   fc   af8a      b
  Reported!
   No  Quora has no API nor they have made clear when there will be one.  You can try to scrap the pages but Quora changes the UI continually so that wouldn’t work for long.  I have seen there are some scrappers on git hub such as the following    githubquora api    github   quora api but I’m not sure it works.
   An HashMap in Java is a data structure containing keys and values. To each key is associated a value.  For example  say we have an hashmap containing the answers given by a user on Quora. So the answers are the keys and the upvotes given by uses to these answers are the values.  Map&lt;String  Integer&gt;answers = new HashMap&lt;String  Integer&gt;();  answers.put(answer  );  answers.put(answer   );  answers.put(answer    );  Now  in your question  what do you mean by element ?  If you mean a value then you just get that value and update it as follows. Say I want to change the upvotes given to and answer  the answer  in this case and increase its value by one.  // first take the upvotes given to answer   double a  = answers.get(answer );  // update it  answers.put(answer a + );  Finally I would recommend you to use stackoverflow for this kind of questions. You would get much better answers and in a shorter time.
   Quora is a nice source of everyday learning.  However  Quora as all the social media suffers from the “filter bubble  problem. So one solution may be to follow many many topics in order to have a wider array of features representing you as a user.  This would make difficult for Quora feed building algorithms to personalize it. Also you should avoid up voting too much only a few users.
   By trying to diversify the sources from where you get informed.  It is known that people that only inform themselves on Facebook have a biased view and opinions.  This happens because they get continuously bombed with a certain type of information by the pages they follow.  In the recent months I have been using    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention to mitigate this problem. It allows you to indicate your interests and hobbies and according to your interests it finds relevant content.  This content comes from diversified sources and the algorithm behind Refind tries to equilibrate it in order to mitigate the filter bubble and the “too many cooks  problem which verifies when there is too much content presented to users.  Finally  it also advises you to take some free time from web with a relaxing screen : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   f7  a   b a  e a    f878c  8
  The filter bubble is a big problem which is mainly due to social media.  And it is very difficult to escape it as long as you continue to use social media such as Facebook and Twitter.  I don’t know if Quora has considered filter bubble as a problem for its users!  So in order to escape the filter bubble I’m using    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention instead of Facebook.  Refind gets as input your interests which can be anything : science  technology  innovation  digital marketing  cooking   psychology  web development or design. Then Refind will find relevant web content on the areas that you indicate. The way Refind fights filter bubble is by organizing content around ‘Interests’ and ‘People’ thus offering a unique content diversity.  Refind also offers a solution to the “too many cooks  problem which is the problem users have when they see too much content in their feed.  Of course Refind is not enough. You have to use other fonts and sites. In my case I combine it with TechCrunch  MIT Technology Review and HBR.
  Germany is very positively viewed in Albania.  Many skilled Albanians such as doctors and nurses emigrate there to work and they contribute in improving even further the already good opinion that Albanians have of Germany and German people.  Japan instead is far away from Albania and all that Albanians know about Japan is because they have seen it in the TV.  In the  ′ there was very popular the Shogun TV series. This TV series was about the internal wars of the Samurai in feudal Japan.  Nowadays  Japan is famous in Albania for the very good automobiles it builds. Honda  Nissan and Toyota have a strong reputation among Albanians as reliable and economic cars regarding their fuel consumption.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg eaf  b  d fc e  fea db d   a a
   This is what Quora is trying to do and with excellent results!  Quora is currently one of the most visited Q;A sites in the world.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e  a   cf f 7e d  e7   a77  c    Data from Alexa shows that Quora is very popular in US and many other large countries such as India and Canada.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b   bf  8  fc8b  fc  e c b    Moreover  the versions of Quora in German  Spanish  French and Italian will help the site to take it even further. I currently enjoy very much the version of Quora in Italian.
     A fundamental part of data science is data visualization.  The famous “gaining insights  process everybody talks about is obtained through the visualization process. Sure  “imagination is better than knowledge  but sometimes the data analysis process is so complex that you can’t simply imagine how would your data look if… Of course there are many visualization tools you can use but Javascript (and related libraries) is definitely one of them too.  Following this reasonong  Javascript is important in data science when you need to visualize interactive data in different ways. It is particularly important when you want to make available to everybody those interactive visualizations through a web page for example.  There are many Javascript libraries that may help you in this task and maybe the most famous one is    d js/    d js  D .js   Data Driven Documents but there are also many others.  The best visualization I have seen so far in d  Javascript library is the following    r d .us/visual intro to machine learning part  /    r d .us  A visual introduction to machine learning  In order to use those libraries you need to know some Javascript basics. So yes  to answer your question  Javascript knowledge is important for a data scientist though not essential.
   Culture is a broad concept.  Inside it you find language  traditions  food and religion.  So I would go through those categories and try to find similarities and some differences.  Let’s consider language first.  Greek language is totally different from the Albanian one. Greek is .. well  Greek. It has its own alphabet while Albanian uses the Latin alphabet. However they share the fact of being the sole representative of their linguistic groups. There are even theories that Greek and Albanian going back in time could share a common root. But they are also similar and this similarity is due the the geographic vicinity. It is easy for an Albanian to learn Greek and maybe the same can be said for a Greek struggling to learn Albanian. A Greek friend of mine says for him Albanian is somehow familiar.  Traditions.  Greece is much more traditional than Albania. The biggest part of this tradition comes from religion but I will consider this point later. Albanians still keep some pagan traditions such as the summer day. You can read here about it    en.wikipedia/wiki/Dita_e_Ver%C %ABs    wikipedia  Dita e Verës   Wikipedia . There is no such a thing in Greece. Also  a Greek is much more proud of his own country than an Albanian is  so a Greek will resist much more to the assimilation of his culture when living in a foreign country. Maybe it is because of history. Greek history is much more known and for a good reason. Moreover  Greek mythology contributes in giving to Greek history a beautiful meaning.  Food.  This is where Greece and Albania share the most similarities. I think    percent of the food that you would eat in Greece  you would eat it also in Albania. This is mainly due to the Ottoman gastronomy heritage that you can find almost in every Balkanic country.  Mousaka is maybe an exception. In Albania there is no  Mousaka but there is  Pershesh /i   an Albanian traditional dish. Maybe the sole difference in food between the two countries is this one.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      de   bb     b  7c 77b ea     Mousakas    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e  a f c  ac  c b7 d adab   af    Pershesh  Religion.  Well religion in Greece is everything. If you are Greek you are also a christian orthodox. There are some muslims of Greek nationality but is a very small minority. Religion in Greece also contributes in creating and maintaining traditions and shaping culture. In Albania instead  religion is on optional. To have an idea of the difference that exists between the two countries on this aspect have a look at the    en.wikipedia/wiki/Importance_of_religion_by_country    wikipedia  Importance of religion by country   Wikipedia . In Greece religion is important for   % of the population agains    % in Albania. Also a big difference is the approach to the religion. In Greece when there is a new government taking charge there is also a priest that would bless it. You won’t see such a thing in Albania. Moreover the Greek nation was built upon religion while Albanian patriotic songs would give priority to nationality and not to religion.  So summing up what I wrote above Greece and Albania are culturally similar mainly on two aspects which are language and food. The language similarity is due to the fact of being neighbours and food as a consequence of the almost five hundred years of Ottoman empire influence.  EDIT. The importance I give to religion in this post is due to the fact   i believe  religion is the strongest aspect of the culture of a nation. It influences and shapes traditions and the world view of the people. It highly influences food   as for example in muslims and jews  but also in christians during the lent period and the different fasting all believers in general have to observe.
   I very much like the JetBrain’s    www.jetbrainspycharm/    jetbrains   PyCharm: Python IDE for Professional Developers by JetBrains  I also use Intellij IDEA when I write Java code.
    I have been using Eclipse for years but now I use Intellij IDEA.  JetBrains which is the company behind IntelliJ IDEA grants free licenses of the Ultimate edition of the IDE to scientific researchers and students so this is one more reason for you to use it.
     You should first have good content which is useful for users. You should keep going even the results seem not to arrive.  You should build an audience with a certain number of followers which is up to your contents. People will follow you if you have good content  more good content and more followers.  You should also build connections with other Steemit users by commenting on their posts  get to know them and build a channel of communication.  Only then you can think on how to earn more. First comes that hard work  next (maybe) the money.
  You don't need an invitation to signup to Steemit. Just go to    steemit     steemit   Steemit and go through the signup process. It will take some days before they verify you as a user but at the end you will be granted access.
    What you wrote means “ One hand cleans the other and all together they clean the face . It metaphorically means that : people which tend to collaborate are successful. They also contribute in creating a successful community. So the hands are the people and the face is the community or whatever organization they belong to.
     Thank you for the question!  I’m glad to inform you that greater Albania is currently a reality!  But it is not what you think it is or what you fear of!  It is a nation of six million people divided in three different states that finally can communicate with each other in a free way and in their own language without being discriminated.  They finally can pay visits to their cousins and relatives from which they where divided by the dictatorship and greed.  Now to answer to your question  Albanians  just like their neighbours Greeks  are a nation which always lived in the Balkans. Rarely in their history they organized to attack their neighbours in order to expand their territories.  Moreover  Albania is clearly indicated from EU as a factor of stability and peace in the region and as long as Kosovo and FYROM Albanians will have their rights  human rights  peace in the Balkans will never be threatened by Albanians.  Finally  none of Albanian politicians ever talked about changing borders or putting conditions on doing something barely similar. Albania and Kosovo are now headed to UE membership and they soon will have their place in the European family as full right members.  So my friend from Greece  if I would say it in a word : “Keep calm and eat your Feta cheese .  Greater Albania  in the version you are afraid of  is something that exists only in some news papers. I recommend you to use Greater Albanian Culture in your next question because this is what Albanians aim to.
    I have found different online courses on Growth Hacking. I can recommend the following two.   As a beginner you might try this one    www.udemygrowth hacking marketing workshop/    udemy   Learn basics of Growth Hacking Marketing | Udemy   Another course  a bit more advanced is the following    www.udemygrowth hacking masterclass become a digital marketing ninja/    udemy   [   ] Growth Hacking with Digital Marketing (version . )
   Migration !?  Albanians have always been in the Balkans. Even if you would consider the hypothesis of migration here is no evidence that could prove it.  There is proof that for example Slavs came in the Balkans in the fourth century after Christ but no such proof exists for Albanians.  The scientific community agrees that Albanians  descendants of Illyrians  are autochthonous and just like Greeks have always been in the Balkans.
     One of my interests is to browse the internet and try and find interesting sites that would teach me or be useful to me during my day.  An impressive site of aggregation of web info such as news and articles on different topics which I have discovered in the last months is    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention  With Refind you can insert your interests like technology and innovation  web development  algorithms and data analysis etc.. and Refind will find for you the best articles of web. It also will allow you to sign in with your twitter account.
     If you use    hyperledger/    hyperledger  Home   Hyperledger the cost si free.  With Hyperledger you can built blockchain based systems in a matter of hours or maximum days. There are different blockchain technology projects under Hyperledger umbrella and you can chose the one that best fits your needs.
   My language is Albanian and    en.wikipedia/wiki/Ismail_Kadare    wikipedia  Ismail Kadare   Wikipedia stands to Albanian literature as Molière stands to the French one.
 The answer to your question is probably no!  For three main reasons.   The propaganda no matter if it is Russian or Chinese or North Korean will not find a good terrain inside Quora intellectuals user base. It would die since a large number of users would start down voting it.   Quora has (still) a low number of users compared to Facebook or Twitter so spreading disinformation on Quora would not be a very effective thing to do.     fact checking: propaganda needs to spread disinformation which could be easily verified agains.  So according to my humble opinion fake news has no chance to survive on Quora but let’s check and see if I’m wrong
    Hard to tell but most probably the answer to your question is no.  Why? For the following reasons.   Quora already has a splendid community which generates good quality content.   Quora is also generating some revenue with its “non invasive  ads based business model.     Moreover there are no rumours about Quora making an ICO of any kind until now  The only remunerative for of compensation on Quora was the “Quora Prize  program or something similar they had up until in    . It worked that Quora would contact you and solicit you to answer a certain question. If your answer were the best one among the answer given you would take the money. Somewhere between     and  dollars if I remember correct.  I was once contacted by Quora to participate in such context but chose not to participate.
        steemit     steemit   Steemit community is also an awesome one.
  I good one to start with is the collection of papers you can find in Claudio Cioffi  Revilla’s book    www.springerla/book/ 7          springer   Introduction to Computational Social Science   | Claudio Cioffi Revilla | Springer  Also good sources you an use in order to find papers on computational social science is the following journal    springersocial+sciences/journal/       springer   Journal of Computational Social Science
  Very few people know about hm ? So you want the secret to achieve competitive advantage !?  Well  in such a case you can try Refind.  It is a site that upon subscription will ask your taste about web content and will find it accordingly. So let’s say you like tech and innovation or digital marketing and personal branding or you want to know the last news about cryptos and ICOs. Refind will find it for you and show the web content in a nice grid so you can browse it.  You can check it here:    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention
  Useful ?  If you mean useful for finding web content such as articles  guides and tutorials as well as the last news on a certain topic of your interest then you can try Refind here    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention  Refind will find for you the best content based on your taste and show you a grid with all the articles it can find.  And Refind is ads free .. at least for now.
  Refind is certainly one of those. It will ask you about your interests on technological innovation  software development  blockchain  cryptocurrencies  marketing  growth hacking or any other topic you choose.  Refind will then find the best  most recent web content about the topics you are interested in.  You can find it here    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention
  I have discovered Refind recently.  Refind will take in your interests like technology  digital marketing  web development  cryptocurrencies and so on.. and will then find the best content of the web regarding the topics you inserted.  By best content I mean the most recent and hot one. You can find Refind here    refindAlketCecaj?invite=c 8e  ead    refind   Refind – Worth your attention
     I think the following makes me a minority!   I’m Albanian.  I’m living in Italy. Naturalized Italian  I’m a minority even inside my family as the only one speaking Albanian.  Followed by    /profile/Håkon Hapnes Strand  Håkon Hapnes Strand  I follow    /profile/Andi Brahimaj  Andi Brahimaj  In the last    years have been living in four different countries.  Top ten “most viewed writer  in Location data    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ce  e e d 7f eed e  a   a c   f
   Thank you for the question!  There are different articles about blockchain technology. The one I prefer is called “Where Is Current Research on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review   and you can find it here :    journals.plos/plosone/article?id=  .   % Fjournal.pone.        plos  Where Is Current Research on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review  As for real world applications those are already so many. You may have already heard of bitcoin and ether. Those are banking and payments applications.  There are many others such as:  ol  li    www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation which implements online blockchain based voting systems .    Civic which handles online identity  have a look here    www.civic    civic   Civic Identity Verification | Secure ; Protect Identities     Do you want to authenticate your docs by using blockchain ? Then you can try stampio. Stampio which uses the blockchain of bitcoin and ether as a ledger for record keeping of documents thus offering certification and authentication. Please have a look here    stamp.io/panel    stamp.io  Certify your digital documents using the Blockchain     The framework Hyperledger which can be used to build systems making supply management systems much more efficient but also many other applications such as certification of provenance. Check here about Hyperledger    hyperledger/    hyperledger  Home   Hyperledger .    There is of course much more out there about blockchain applications and a good source for informing yourself are Linkedin groups  Facebook pages and Quora. /li  /ol
  The private blockchains are no different from the public ones when it comes to functioning.  In private blockchain you need a permission in order to start making transactions  thus the term permissioned blockchains.  An example of permissioned blockchain thus private blockchain is Hyperledger Sawtooth which uses as a consensus protocol the Proof of Elapsed Time (PoET). The PoET protocol is a Nakamoto style consensus algorithm that is designed to be a production grade protocol capable of supporting large network populations.  Below the graphical representation of Hyperledger Sawtooth and related philosophy.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b e  e c7      f  ef  ffff8f
     Yes  a first implementation of a blockchain based voting system is built by Democracy Earth Foundation.  And Democracy Earth have also tested it on Colombian plebiscite.  So in order to give Colombian expatriates a voice in the      Peace plebiscite and test the potential of Blockchain technology in electoral processes  Democracy Earth Foundation which is a non profit organization  set up a digital process that allowed Colombian expats to vote online.  Those Colombians who were unable to vote through the official process  had a great opportunity to participate in the plebiscite on whether to approve the peace treaty between the FARC and the Colombian government. I think this is the first case in the world when a blockchain based voting system was tested in a real scenario.  Here is the report regarding the whole study :    www.oecd/gov/innovative government/embracing innovation in government colombia.pdf    oecd  www.oecd/gov/innovat...
  What about Trumputin!
   You can transfer the coins you earned on Steemit to Poloniex or Binance. That can be very easy done from the user interface of your wallet in Steemit account.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   acbd       ffa7      afe      So you click to transfer and then you can send the steem coins to Binance for example.  Then you grab the steemit id and memo from you exchange   lets say Binance and put them in the following window.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f  deb   7  788b  e b7d c f7bff   Once that you send your steem coins on Binance you can then exchange them for bitcoins or ether.  Good luck with Steemit.
   Yes you can.  There is already a startup called Stamperly which is using this property of Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchain for authentication of documents. They have build an application called Stampio which does just this.  Here you can find    stampery    stampery   Stampery: leaders in blockchain based data certification  Here about Stampio    stamp.io    stamp.io  Certify your digital documents using the Blockchain  I tried it just to learn more. I had a certificate of a Blockchain technology which I earned on Udemy. So I’ve put it on Stampio and now you can see my certificate authenticated here    stamp.io/stamp/jb d yqr    stamp.io  Certify your digital documents using the Blockchain
   There is an application wish is currently trying to replace part of what the notaries are doing.  The application is called stampio and you can find it here    stamp.io    stamp.io  Certify your digital documents using the Blockchain  It allows to authenticate documents by using the transaction’s ID and timestamp in the Bitcoin’s and Ethereum’s blockchains.  The startup building the application is called Stamperly and you can find more about it here    stampery    stampery   Stampery: leaders in blockchain based data certification  To finally answer your question I think that it will be a long way before Stamperly and blockchain applications could replace notaries but every thousand miles trip starts with a step.
   I have been doing some research to find out what Elon Musk think of blockchain technology in general and bitcoin in particular.  The only thing that I found is this youtube video in which you can see Elon Musk expressing his opinion about blockchain together with other great people such as Richard Branson  Bill Gates and Warren Buffet.  The part regarding Elon Musk is around the th minute in the video.  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/ s  uFphPb8?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id=  s  uFphPb  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/ s  uFphPb8/ .jpg');   /div  The video itself is great also for understanding how the big business and technology minds of the world see the blockchain technology.
     The term “Mafia  in relation to PayPal stands to indicate the people that once upon a time  together with Elon Musk founded PayPal.  All of them went to found other big companies such as Youtube which was acquired later from Google or LinkedIn which is now a Microsoft company.  Their names are listed in the infographics below and the most famous for me is Peter Thiel.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e    ae   f   fabea d  8b 88 8
  It seems that Quora does not need it! Or it simply does not believe in it. Quora has shown to work well even without blockchain model.  However I believe that Steemit offers a good way for content creators in order to monetize their contents. So Steemit and its coin Steem could have a bright future!
  It is a social based on blockchain.  The Steem coin is the currency used to pay users when they post content. Also Steem Dollar is used in adjunct with Steem currency to pay users when they post  upvote and comment posts.  You can use it from a browser just like you do with Facebook. But the web interface is a layer on top of the Steem blockchain. Every upvote or post that you make will be a transaction registered in the blockchain.  These are the things that make Steemit so different from any other social network.
  There are different ways.   By welcoming new users in #introduceme tag.   By upvoting other peoples content     Most importantly by creating good quality content that other users might like so they will follow you in order to get more of it.    Also there are rules of good conduct to follow on Steemit!  These points I listed above will help you get more followers on Steemit
    Below you can find a calculator of how much is worth your personal data from facebook  twitter  youtube etc..    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ebb         8b7ea    e e   .webp   One of the most valuable kind of data is the location and health data.  Here you can calculate it     calc.datum/    datum  Data Calculator  The data methodology used to calculate the value of each portion of your data is calculated by taking each companies ARPU (Average Revenue Per User). This is a good approximate metric  though it is most certainly approximate.  Where an exact ARPU is not available  an approximation based on industry is used.  In the application you find in    calc.datum/    datum  Data Calculator the more data sources are selected  the more each is worth as the application will multiply the value found from the ARPU by ( +. n)  so all your data gets slightly more valuable the more you share.
   Because each country pursues his own politics in an opportunistic manner. Serbia considered that it was in her own best interest to recognize FYROM as Republic of Macedonia. Interest comes first religion latter.  In the same way the mighty Russia of Zar Putin would consider to recognize Kosovo as an independent and sovereign country in order to ease relations with US and eventually remove sanctions as writes the Serb press here    ocnal   /  /blic putin and russia ready to.html    ocnal   Blic: Putin and Russia ready to recognise Kosovo
  Those papers are part of your work during the three years of PhD program thus you SHOULD include your published papers in your PhD thesis.
   At the moment of writting  I’m reviewing a paper on Fuzzy Logics applied to social networks. So the process I follow is :   read the paper carefully and check the “related work  section in order to inform myself better about the state of art in the specific field. If I’m reviewing a certain paper means that I already know about the state of art of the field but I prefere to be sure that I have read most of the papers indicated in the references.   read the main contribution of the paper and evaluate wether and how exactly the research under review contributes in improving the state of art of the field.     check the English and grammar errors and be sure to propose corrections for those errors.
   As    /profile/Konstantinos Konstantinides  Konstantinos Konstantinides very well explained in his answer  the peer review process is only useful to the scientific community and to research in the specific field.  But  if we would make an effort and see it as useful for the reviewer  then I as a reviewer would say that: the sole benefit for me is the fact that by reviewing papers I come in conntact with some crazy ideas that appear now and then in different papers. And I’m one of the first to do so : )
   By using the IQR rule.  It is a very simple and efficient rule for detecting outliers. You can find the explanation on how to implement it here:    unc.edu/~rls/s   /class .pdf    unc.edu  unc.edu/~rls/s   /...  I have been using this rule to detect events i.e. spikes on mobile phone data activity.  This work was published and you can find the abstract of paper here:    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection  If you need a copy please contact me.
    Of course it is.  There are many recent papers which make use of association rule mining to tackle different problems.  Quite recently  I have been using association rule mining algorithm   in particular Eclat algorithm  to find colocations of firms in industrial agglomerations.  You can find my work here    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                 springer   Investigating economic activity concentration patterns of co agglomerations through association rule mining
   There are many applications of association rule mining algorithm but maybe the most famous one is market basket analysis.  In this analysis the association between products bought in a supermarket by a customer are analyzed in order to find associations between the products themselves such as beer and chips for example.  Besides to that there are many other applications such as using association rule mining in order to spot frequent groups in a demographic census data.  In my work I have been using it to spot frequent groups of firms colocated in an industrial cluster.  Here is the publication of this work on Springer    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                 springer   Investigating economic activity concentration patterns of co agglomerations through association rule mining  If you need a copy please contact me.
 Online identity and online voting are for sure the coolest application of blockchain technology. The impact that these applications can have in the political life and thus economy of a country is hyge.
   There a many industries that the blockchain technology will disrupt.  Here is a video explaining that in a great way :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/G psxs gyf8?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= G psxs gyf  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/G psxs gyf8/ .jpg');   /div  Enjoy : )
    Yes.  Why?  Because blockchain technology is great for smart government applications. Online identity and online voting are some excellent examples. In particular for online voting the blockchain technology can face and eventually guarantee the solution of the following three issues   online identity   tracking of votes     counting of votes  which are also the main three points where vote fraud hides.  Some startups and communities that are working in this direction are “followmyvote  which you can find here    followmyvote    followmyvote   Introducing The Online Voting Platform Of The Future! and the second I know is    www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation  I also wrote about different other applications of blockchain technology here :    /What are non Bitcoin applications of blockchain technology/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are non Bitcoin applications of blockchain technology?  So yes  blockchain technology has a great potential to change the world.  There is also and interesting report by the prestigious Word Economic Forum about realizing the potential of blockchain technology.  You can read here    www .weforum/docs/WEF_Realizing_Potential_Blockchain.pdf    weforum  www .weforum/docs/WEF...  Finally  I think that the blockchain technology will impact our societies and economics in a similar way the internet did in the   ′.
   I have written different answers about this topic so I would recommend you to go through these answers which I gave here    /What are some good books on programming blockchain/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some good books on programming blockchain?  here    /How many distributed Ledger technologies will there be/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How many distributed Ledger technologies will there be?  here    /How do I get certified in blockchain technology/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How do I get certified in blockchain technology?  and here    /How can I learn blockchain development/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How can I learn blockchain development?  This should be enough for a start.  Good luck with blockchain technology learning!
   I like    infogram     infogram   Create Infographics  Charts and Maps   Infogram  Don't know for sure if it is the best one but from my experience using it was easy and enjoyable and the infographics you get are quite good.
   Serbia does not recognize Kosovo so yes  for them the Kosovo independence is illegal.
   Considering the fact that Albanians from Albania proper are not religious at all  then we can say that Kosovo Albanians are religious but not too much.
   There is an article on Medium which summarizes the “best  critics I have heard to blockchain technology.  I have put the best word in double quotes because I don’t really believe in this kind of critics.  However  I must recognize that part of it is a healthy and objective critic. It have to do with the fact that blockchain technology nevertheless existed for ten years have never come up with a definitive feasible solution for different problems it aims to solve.  You can read the whole article here    hackernoonten years in nobody has come up with a use case for blockchain ee c       hackernoon   Ten years in  nobody has come up with a use for blockchain  My personal opinion instead is that the blockchain technology is a very promising technology and you must only wait for it to become mature enough and reach its true potential.
    What kind of data do you want to sell ?  The only kind of data which is valuable for marketing purpose is personal data. However  personal data is covered by strict privacy laws which protect individual’s rights.  Moreover even if the data you want to sell is anonymized  previous studies have show the anonymized data can be de anonymized and the privacy of people harmed. An example is the following study that you can read here    ieeexplore.ieee/document/     /    ieee  ieeexplore.ieee/docum...  So I’m afraid selling personal data is not a great idea. I would reccomend you not to loose your time and think of another good business idea.  If the data you want to sell is not personal data then I recommend you to find a good data architecture model such as REST for example and build a powerful server in order to manage a lot of requests. Also  as data is your critic product to sell I would be aware of security issues.
     From the Serb news site    B  .net    b  .net  B     Internet  Radio i TV stanica   najnovije vesti iz Srbije I extracted the following paragraph.  hr class= qtext_hr   In his last interview for the Belgrade based weekly Vreme   published in September       Ivanovic stated that the situation in Kosovo since his arrest changed for the worst  and that there was  an incredible feeling of being under threat and fear among the people.    Of the hundred people I spoke with during the first few weeks of freedom  there is not one who in the first few sentences did not raise the issue of security. Let's understand each other immediately: these people are not afraid of Albanians but of Serbs  of local thugs and criminals riding driving Jeeps without number plates.  Drugs are being sold on every corner  every parent fear because of it. It was the same before  but not so much  and these people did not behave as arrogantly as they do now. The police are watching without reacting  so the citizens feel unprotected although in the north it's all our people in the police  Serbs   he said   You can read the full article here    www.b  .net/eng/news/politics.php?dd=  ;mm=  ;nav_id=     ;yyyy=       b  .net  Ivanovic feared for his safety days before getting killed   English   on B  .net  hr class= qtext_hr   There are different answers in this feed  given principally by Serbs such as    /profile/Petar Milosavljevic  Petar Milosavljevic trying to raise theories about Albanians being involved with Ivanovic’s assasination. I would invite them to read international or even the Serb press (as I did) before drawing easy conclusions.  Finally the killer’s “style  similar to the one used with Zoran Djindjic assaination but at least no body accused Albanians back then.
   I would recommend the Coursera course on data science path which comprehends the following courses “Data Scientist’s toolbox   “Programming in R   “Reproducible Research   “Machine Learning  etc..  I have completed the first three courses so far and have found this path really great. Here you can read more    www.coursera/account/accomplishments/records/ EGvdF 8rRgsMTtx    coursera  accomplishments | Coursera
     Difficoult to say  at least by one which have left Albania    years ago. However  standing to the news  weed is somehow not that difficult to find in the Balkans thus the same thing is true for Albania as well.
     To the great answer of    /profile/Garrick Saito  Garrick Saito I would add also industrial thematic agglomeration. Every city or metropolitan area has its own industrial area where industrial agglomerations are located. Those agglomerations have a great impact in the local economy so they are largely studied for this reason.  The paper bellow is about agglomerations of industries. In particular it is about agglomerations of manufacturing firms based on their classification code.     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                 springer   Investigating economic activity concentration patterns of co agglomerations through association rule mining  In order to find the agglomerations  the analytic method used in the article uses a combination of intra sector concentration  association rules and partition clustering.
    Because the problem you are considering here is a two fold one.  On the one hand  it is not very easy to implement a blockchain where to run your national coin. Even governments with they virtually “unlimited  resources have some difficulties with such a task.  On the other hand  this is something very risky due to the fact that blockchain technology is a quite new toy and playing with it might have quite unexpected outcomes and I’m thinking of the famous DAO here.  However  there are different attempts and efforts in this direction by the governments of different states  such as Estonia    mediume residency blog/were planning to launch estcoin and that s only the start    aba7f       medium   We’re planning to launch estcoin — and that’s only the start . Something to keep in mind is that estcoin is not considered here as a national currency as Estonia lives inside the Eurozone. About this idea  Mario Draghi the ECB governor opposed to Estonia releasing a digital coin as the country already has its own currency which is euro.  Other pioneer states that are trying to evaluate this possibility are Russia  Dubai  Venezuela and in the last days also the government of Israel announced thinking about it as you can read here    cointelegraphnews/israel government considering national cryptocurrency    cointelegraph   Israel Government Considering National Cryptocurrency  So yes  your question makes sense as the great majority of states do not even have such possibility even in their wildest dreams but there are however some prime movers (as Porter would say ) which I already listed above.
    Yes  currently we have an Australian post doc in our department and previously a French one  both of them using english as the only language of communication. In general Italian Universities do accept english speaking post doc candidates.
     I really don’t know the answer to this question!?  But I guess that it is a simple principle of global economy. When you are not good in producing something you import it from someone else which is better in producing it in a cheaper way.  So as Albanians have never been good with religions they choose to import some know how from abroad in this case from Greece.  About Janullatos  I really couldn’t care less. What I wish  is Albania could import more universities  schools and hospitals from abroad instead of churches and moscheas.
    This is an article of National Geographic    news.nationalgeographic    /  /     atheism agnostic secular nones rising religion/    nationalgeographic   The World's Newest Major Religion: No Religion  As you can guess from the title it says that the newest religion in the world is no religion at all.  And this one is about the future of religions    www.huffingtonpost   /  / 7/millennials less religious_n_7     .html    huffingtonpost   Why Millennials Are The Least Religious Generation Yet Yes  Gods were invented to explain natural phenomena as earthquakes but as the human being becomes more and more powerful it needs no God.  Now  considering your hypothesis in which Kosovo and Albania will be one and a sole country and considering the above reasoning  I think that are Kosovars which risk de Islamization.
   The one that you like better. They are all down in this precise moment!
     The pioneers of the GIG economy or sharing economy like AliBaba  Uber  Airbnb etc.. are of course not very enthusiastic about blockchain technology and its applications.  The blockchain gives to the people the possibility to share values without a middleman and all these guys like Uber  AliBaba and Airbnb are all middleman. They don’t really share anything. They just aggregate demand and offer and rip the benefits buy using the customers data.  In fact all those guys and the banks such as Barkleys are trying to adopt blockchain technology for their processes. I think that Alibaba will also try to adopt it  so the strategy of AliBaba will be that of implementing blockchain solutions for its processes. In what way and in particular for AliBaba I really don’t know.  What I know is that there is already an e commerce that implements blockchain functions and it is called open Bazar    www.openbazaar/    openbazaar  OpenBazaar: Online Marketplace | Peer to Peer Ecommerce
    To answer this question we must agree on a fact.  The way blockchain technology is moving forward is similar to the way the Internet was evolving in its first years.  Even the cryptocurrencies bubble looks a lot like the dot com bubble in the nineties.  If we agree on this  so the blockchain technology is evolving in the same way to the Internet in the nineties  then we can reasonably assume that a blockchain engineer can make what a good software engineer or developer was making    years ago.  I wouldn’t compare blockchain technology with AI however for what regards the money.
    Blockchain technology is “the solution  to digital democracy. In fact  thanks to blockchain technology  a new form of blockchain enabled democracy will emerge called liquid democracy.  So why would blockchain technology be the perfect solution to voting ?  The answer is very simple. Blockchain technology is perfect a voting system as it can face and eventually guarantee the solution of the following three hot issues   the online identity of voters   the tracking of votes     the counting of votes  If you think about it  those are also the main three points where vote fraud happens. In USA elections that saw Hilary V.S. Trump the two candidates often accused each other of having manipulated the elections by using one of the three points I listed above.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   a  b f      e7fa f     e7  .webp   So yes  blockchain technology is the perfect solution to digital democracy and there are different efforts to implement it in a physical system that people can actually use.  There are different startups and communities which are working in this direction such as “followmyvote . Find more about it here    followmyvote    followmyvote   Introducing The Online Voting Platform Of The Future!  Another great effort in this field is done by of which you can read here    www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation     www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation is also seeking for ambassadors world wide and you can find out more about their program here    githubDemocracyEarth/ambassadors/blob/master/README.md    github   DemocracyEarth/ambassadors  About liquid democracy concept here is the white paper    githubDemocracyEarth/paper    github   DemocracyEarth/paper  Finally  another interesting application of blockchain technology is supply chain of which I wrote here    /How can blockchain improve supply chains/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How can blockchain improve supply chains?
   The best source about blockchain technology? There is so much ferment about it that I’m afraid there is no single best source to get reliable information on blockchain.  There a set of sources that I can point to. For example different sites that write articles about it. Those sites write mainly about cryptocurrencies but it seems impossible nowadays to keep the two things apart   blockchain and cryptocurrencies.  For example a news site where you can keep up to date with recent developments on blockchain technology but mainly about the cryptocurrencies is    cointelegraph     cointelegraph   Cointelegraph Bitcoin ; Ethereum Blockchain News  If you want to learn about blockchain technology exclusively then Blockchain University may help you here    blockchainu.co/    blockchainu.co  Home  Also  there are some good courses on Coursera and EdX about a blockchain technology developed by IBM which recently became a Linux Foundation project. It is called Hyperledger and you find it here :    www.hyperledger/    hyperledger  Home  On Linkedin Learning I have followed a course which I enjoyed very much about blockchain technology. The course is mainly for beginners and you find it here    www.linkedinlearning/blockchain basics/next steps    linkedin   Next steps: Blockchain Basics  If finally you want to good book then I can recommend you the following    www.packtpubbig data and business intelligence/mastering blockchain    packtpub   Mastering Blockchain  As I said  blockchain technology is evolving with a very fast pace and you have to keep up with it so many new sources where to get informed have yet to come.
   This is the same question that was asked in the nineties about the Internet.  Do you know who asked it ? The media. Newspapers  magazines  televisions  all of them.  Have you seen them now ? Newspapers lost almost  % of their profits from printed copies  many of them simply disappeared while the rest is trying to adapt to the new digital environment.  The same thing happened to magazines.  Televisions are also struggling to survive. If it wasn’t for the reality shows  televisions would also disappear  which is what they are already doing but with much slower pace thanks to Big Brother and Masterchef.  So Internet almost wiped them out. The same will do the blockchain technology to the companies that will not adopt it.  So to answer your question  no blockchain technology is NOT a fad. Soon this technology will trigger a revolution which will be simply unprecedented. And the businesses  companies  corporations and so on which will not adopt it will be the next news papers of the nineties.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e  7b f7  e    7 aa d  d8 f.webp
   Blockchain technology is currently being used to solve problems in supply chain management.  By eliminating the need for a trusted third party to certify raw materials and / or components  or finished products  as they travel through a supply chain it eliminates a great deal of middleman that increase costs of supply chain functioning process.  So every participant  or node of the network  contains a copy of all transactions. This copy  provides an audit trail of every transaction that has occurred in the system.  If a change will occur  it would be validated or rejected by the nodes in the system. Because all participants have a copy of all past transactions in the network  any participant can detect if a product is not as advertised.  So instead of examining raw materials  components  or finished products at several points in the supply chain  a record of the inspection would be available and bound to the item as it flows through the supply chain.  As the record of the transaction is public and tied to the movement of physical items across the network  specifics such as the quantity of goods  or the identity of the parties transacting  can be done pseudo anonymously in a blockchain. This allows for a bird view of all the movement through supply chains and thus improves resource allocation in the supply chain itself.  So in this direction the blockchain technology can greatly improve the supply chain.  Finally  companies are not the only party to benefit from blockchain technology’s advantages. Also the end consumers benefit by purchasing reliable products which provide a greater security due to the better monitoring process provided by the blockchain.
   Blockchain technology is innovative as it allows to transfer value through the tokens.  However you can have different types of blockchains such as public or private blockchains and in the same way you can have tokenized blockchains and token less blockchains.   In the case of token less blockchains the value is given by other properties of the blockchain technology such as immutability and transparency.  For example  an application of a token less blockchain is that of providing online authentication thus online identity in a secure way.
   If by implementation you mean applications  there are already so many different applications and efforts to apply blockchain technology elsewhere.  Bitcoin is mainly about banking ; payments but there are many other sectors the blockchain will disrupt.  From online voting to online identity  charity  crowdfunding and smart government.  Again  from supply chain to healthcare and data security applications as the blockchain technology allows for transparency on the one hand and better data privacy on the other.  I wrote more about the different applications here    /What are non Bitcoin applications of blockchain technology/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are non Bitcoin applications of blockchain technology?  and here    /Can blockchain technology be used in securing digital voting  Can blockchain technology be used in securing digital voting?
   I custom blockchain solution can be useful for for a company as it can make production processes more efficient and thus cheaper.  You don’t always need a third party to mine your network.  You can use “Hyperledger Blockchain business solutions  of which I wrote here    /Where can I educate myself about blockchain and tangle technology as a computer science student/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Where can I educate myself about blockchain and tangle technology  as a computer science student?  Now why a third party be interested in mining ? In Hyperledger you don’t need that mining as in Bitcoin.  Instead  in Hyperledger the Validating Peers (VPs) do not mine blocks and do not share the blocks between them.  It works like this:  ol  li A transaction is send to one trusted Validating Peer.    The VP broadcasts the transaction to all other VPs.    All VPs reach consensus by using PBFT algorithm or Proof of Byzantine Fault Tolerance to execute the transactions.    All VPs execute the transactions  on their own  following the total order and build a block (calculating hashes mainly) with the executed transactions. /li  /ol  About VPs they are just nodes responsible for executing tx. Here you find more on Hyperledger    www.zurich.ibmdccl/papers/cachin_dccl.pdf    ibm   www.zurich.ibmdccl/...
   Blockchain technology should be used in securing voting. Online voting is the future of democracy  a shared democracy where finally everybody can vote or delegate her or his vote.  Blockchain technology is great for smart government applications and voting as it can face and eventually guarantee the solution of the following three issues   online identity   tracking of votes     counting of votes  which are also the main three points where vote fraud hides.  Some startups and communities that are working in this direction are “followmyvote  which you can find here    followmyvote    followmyvote   Introducing The Online Voting Platform Of The Future! and the second I know is    www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation  In particular    www.democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation is seeking for ambassadors world wide and you can find out more about their program here    githubDemocracyEarth/ambassadors/blob/master/README.md    github   DemocracyEarth/ambassadors  Another filed where blockchain technology has a promising future is that of fighting fake news. I wrote about it here    /Can we eliminate fake news with blockchain technology/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Can we eliminate fake news with blockchain technology?
   Yes  Quora is a centralized application. In fact you may have already seen this screen :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e   b   a b dc7e  aed a7 b .webp   This is because Quora is a centralized application. It means that when the central server is down  can’t handle connection requests from clients  you cant connect to Quora and start asking your questions.  A decentralized application instead would continue to run and you know why ? Because it has no central server and it doesn’t need it. The communication messages travel from node to node and even if there are some broken nodes the network would continue to work. So in the worst case a decentralized application would slow down but would never stop as the network on top of which the application run is decentralized.  Now  I don’t know if Quora would be better off in a decentralized network but certainly it’s availability times would be much better.
   I would start with the book    www.packtpubbig data and business intelligence/statistics machine learning    packtpub   Statistics for Machine Learning which can give you the foundation of statistics knowledge you need for data science.  Here is the table of contents    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d a a   7    ee e eed   b b .webp   What I like more in this book is the fact that it explains all the statistics behind each specific algorithm. For example under “Recommendation Engines  chapter there is needed the knowledge of statistics which has to do with calculating correlations between two intervals of data and using the Pearson coefficient as a distance metric.
   I can add to the great answer of    /profile/Fabrizio Villani  Fabrizio Villani a book that is worth mentioning.  This book is “Mastering Blockchain  of Imran Bashir which explains the blockchain technology starting from the distributed systems to the decentralized ones.  There is explained the CAP (Capability  Availability  Persistence) theorem which governs the behavior of the distributed peer to peer systems and how the blockchain technology tries to work around the theorem by providing capability and availability and only after the consistency which as we know is reached with the consensus algorithm.
   There are different ways and points of view to define and explain blockchain technology.  The first definition I can give is : “The blockchain technology is a peer to peer distributed ledger that is cryptographically secure  append only  immutable and up dateable only via consensus among peers   Under a computer science point of view it is a data structure (like a linked list for example) and a protocol for reaching consensus among nodes in a network.  Under a business point of view it is a platform whereby peers can exchange values using transactions without the need for a central trusted arbitrator.  Under network point of view it is a layer of a distributed peer to peer network running on top of the Internet  just like SMTP  HTTP  or FTP running on top of TCP/IP.  As you can see there a many definitions all of them valid.
   I want to share two of my favorite books about blockchain technology.  The fist one is “Blockchain Revolution: How the Technology Behind Bitcoin Is Changing Money  Business  and the World   by Don and Alex Tapscott. This is the very first book I read about blockchain technology. I must specify that I have an audio version of it and as a commuter I listen to it during my commuting time. Really great book about the potential of blockchain and the way it will impact our society and revolutionize the different sectors of economy.  The second on is “Blockchain Maturity: A New Internet   of Robert Ellis. This is a book explaining the view of the author on how the blockchain technology will evolve and eventually mature in the next years. The author takes example of the Internet history of evolving and maturing to explain how the blockchain technology will evolve by pointing to similarities between blockchain and the Internet. He then gives advices on how you can best position yourself to take advantage of it as a professional.  These are both books that explain the blockchain technology from a humanistic view. A more technical book about blockchain technology is “Mastering Blockchain  Imran Bashir of which I wrote about here    /What are some good books on programming blockchain/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some good books on programming blockchain?
   The main challenge of the problem with fake news is verifiability. How do you verify the news is not real   thus fake  possibly in real time ?  So basically in USA this would come down to the following question: who is right between Fox News and CNN ?    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   c fa e b 8d   8cb     b7 7.webp   An interesting approach to this problem is the one proposed by Snip    www.snip.today/    snip.today  Snip   News. Summarized.  This approach is based on the idea that the reader needs a source of news that is quick to read and understand and verified by other users rather than by centralized publishers such as CNN or Fox.  So Snip tries to implement the best features of blockchain technology to bring these aspects of news consumption to the public. It has created a distributed system wherein writers can offer snippets i.e. concise summaries of news articles and the public can choose the topics they want to read about  whether sports  technology  medicine  etc.  The main driver of the system is the verification and reward system wherein the writers can earn SnipCoin (Snip’s version of a cryptocurrency token) by writing good snippets. On the other hand  the advertisers can pay Snipcoin to increase visibility. Readers can donate to writers with tokens and  if they choose  clear their feeds of advertisements for a small fee.  The whole system within the Snip ecosystem of news connects writer to reader directly  thus removing the risk of censorship and bias which is very common in traditional news.  Finally  readers can control what they read and encourage writers they like having a guarantee that what they are reading is validated.  There are also different other startups which are working to propose solutions to the problem of fake news and some of those are    publiq.network/  publiq.network/ and    userfeeds.io/    userfeeds.io  Userfeeds   Attention Economies
   No they aren’t in general. However  I must say that I have seen a racist behavior once. Here is the story.  You should know that in Italy people eat the best ice cream in the world and I’m not joking. One of the benefits of living in Italy is having access to good food and ice cream is one of the best foods you can enjoy here. So I was waiting my turn in an ice cream shop and right before me there was an old lady waiting in the line.  There were two girls selling ice cream. One of them was Italian while the other one was a black girl from Africa. Latter I discovered that the black girl was born in Senegal. So at some point the old lady asked to the Italian girl for an ice cream. As she was busy changing the ice cream containers with new ones told her very kindly to be served by her colleague  the black girl from Senegal. The old lady instead of doing so took off and left the ice cream shop immediately.  Now I can’t think of another reason why the lady left the shop that is not that of being racist.  Now  I live in Italy since    and this is the only racism case I have seen. I have also seen many black and white couples so I repeat  Italian people in general are not racist.  EDIT  I also read in a journal some time ago about another case of an old person refusing to be helped by a black doctor.  Finally  I think that Italian society is evolving very fast in the last years into a multi ethnic and multi cultural society and that’s why some people  in particular the elderly  have some difficulties in keeping the pace with these frenetic changes.
     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ebf    e ef  cb7e ff b bb    d.webp   Currently there is a nice course on EdX which is free and teaches you about blockchain technology and in particular of Hyperledger technology. Hyperledger is a blockchain technology aiming to create blockchain solutions for businesses.  Find more about the Hyperledger project here    hyperledger/    hyperledger  Home  And you can find the course    courses.edx/courses/course v :LinuxFoundationX+LFS  x+ T   7/course/    edx  Course | LFS  x | edX
   This year has been a great one. I feel that I have learned a lot on Quora and out of    answers    made it to the Quora digest.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg fdfa  d   b     d 7a  fbc   7 .webp   Grateful to Quora for being such a great place!
   By using coinbase. Here is the link to it    www.coinbasejoin/ 7ed   7 aaaf de c 8fa    coinbase   Invite friends and get free bitcoin   Coinbase
   You can use coinbase to buy Litecoins. Here    www.coinbasejoin/ 7ed   7 aaaf de c 8fa    coinbase   Invite friends and get free bitcoin   Coinbase
   You can buy bitcoin by using coinbase. It is pretty easy to use it. Just follow the steps of the verification process. Here is the link    www.coinbasejoin/ 7ed   7 aaaf de c 8fa    coinbase   Invite friends and get free bitcoin   Coinbase
    You can buy Bitcoin by using coinbase.  It is the greatest exchange at the moment and the most easy to use as it has a user friendly interface. Here is the link    www.coinbasejoin/ 7ed   7 aaaf de c 8fa    coinbase   Invite friends and get free bitcoin   Coinbase
   I have taken this course on Udemy    www.udemyjava for beginners create    useful complete projects/    udemy   Java for beginners: Create    useful complete projects  I think it might be good for what you are looking for. The course has a free introduction that can help you to decide if it is worth or not.
   Unfortunately I’m not on funnel marketing but maybe    /profile/Raffaele Gaito    Raffaele Gaito is so I’m turning the question to him.
   I would use R with a package called knitr . Here you find more how to use it    yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr   Yihui Xie | 谢益辉 and generate .pdf and .html documents.  Ok the link seem chinese but the content it points to is not chinese : )
   It is a tool that lets you make data mining : )  Normally it is a framework  such as Tableau or Rstudio for example which lets you make different kind of data mining analysis.  You can execute different algorithms such as clustering or classification on your dataset and visualize the results inside the framework itself. It is a framework that gives you insights on your data and the phenomenon that the data represent.  Such a framework is also called a data mining tool.  I hope that I was clear in my answer but I’m also aware of the fact that for a person which is familiar with this kind of terms may result a thing coming from another planet : )
   One of the best properties of blockchain technology is that of eliminating middleman.  However  in the case of a peer to peer lending you still need a party (a middleman) that can give additional guaranties that the amount you are lending to a borrower will come back to you one day  hopefully with some interests also.  This  unless the person which is trying to borrow money from you will not provide himself the guarantee you need to lend him.  I could speculate and say that this process of verification of the guarantee provided by borrowers could be modeled as a smart contract but until the time of writing this answers no such thing has ever been implemented in a secure and proved way.  There are many startups trying to implement solutions such as    www.celsius.network/    celsius.network  Celsius   The Future of Consumer Credit but I can’t really say if they are successful on this kind of task or just trying to implement a fake it till you make it process. We’ll see what the future has reserved for this kind of possible blockchain application.  Finally I think that smart contracts  in particular the ones built in Ethereum  are particularly good for automatizing this kind of tasks and maybe one day also used for the verification and guarantee needed in a process of peer to peer lending.
   I’m currently reading “Mastering Blockchain  of Imran Bashir and I find it a really great book.  It starts with concepts like distributed systems and greatly illustrates concepts such as CAP theorem and how it applies to blockchain technology. It also explains in good detail concepts such as decentralization  cryptography  Ethereum  smart contracts and Hyperledger.  It also explains how to set up an development environments and introduces Solidity and Web .  So yes a lot of stuff! That’s why I can recommend without hesitation to people that wants to learn the blockchain technology from the fundamentals.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a c  e b  eb   ba  e  bceada a.webp
   Distributed systems are a computing paradigm where two or more nodes work with each other in a coordinated fashion in order to achieve a common outcome.  Now  one of the main challenge in distributed systems design is coordination between nodes and fault tolerance. Even if some of the nodes become faulty the distributed system should continue to work flawlessly in order to achieve the desired results  i.e. collaborate and reach common goal. And this is what happens in blockchain technology  the nodes cooperate or compete to resolve the math puzzle commonly called mining. They also have a mechanism of consensus in order to finalize and come to a decision so that the distributed ledger can be updated with the new block.  So by following this definition one can say that the blockchain technology is an example of distributed computing  More precisely it is an example of decentralized distributed computing.
   Given that blockchain technology is evolving very fast and the landscape changing from day to day I will focus on the two following platforms.  Ethereum  is certainly one of those blockchain platforms that has a future due to the great community developing applications and smart contracts. I think it is one of the best so I would put on top of my list.  Hyperledger  is a great platform as well even it is not as famous as Ethereum. Hyperledger is a LinuxFoundation projects that was first developed by IBM and then donated to the LinuxFoundation. Its slogan is “Blockchain solutions for business . So the focus of the project is to provide permissioned blockchain technology for business solutions. Some business blockchain frameworks hosted within Hyperledger projects are Hyperledger Sawtooth  Hyperledger Fabbric and Hyperledger Iroha.  Currently there is a free course taught in EdX where you can learn how to deal with Hyperledger frameworks. Here    www.edx/course/blockchain business introduction linuxfoundationx lfs  x    edx  Blockchain for Business   An Introduction to Hyperledger Technologies
    There are already so many books out there on those topics. However I would single out the following ones.   On bitcoin  there is the famous Andreas Antonopoulos book : “Mastering Bitcoin  which you can find here    www.amazonMastering Bitcoin Programming Open Blockchain/dp/          amazon   Mastering Bitcoin: Programming the Open Blockchain: Andreas M. Antonopoulos:  7       : Amazon : Books  Even better if you read “The Internet of Money   of the same author    www.amazonInternet Money Andreas M Antonopoulos/dp/     X/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_ _t_ ?_encoding=UTF8;psc= ;refRID=RXXT JA ZHJW V SEY M    amazon   The Internet of Money: Andreas M. Antonopoulos:  7      : Amazon : Books  There is also  “Bitcoin essentials  which is a quite basic book a bit old but good to start with.    www.amazon.it/Bitcoin Essentials Albert Szmigielski/dp/ 7    7     amazon.it  www.amazon.it/Bitcoin Es...   On blockchain  technology “Mastering Blockchain  by Imran Bashir you can buy from Amazon here    www.amazon.it/Mastering Blockchain Imran Bashir ebook/dp/B  NBBSPCD    amazon.it  Imran Bashir: Amazon.it: Kindle Store which is quite recent book (March    7) and great for understanding blockchain technology starting from the distributed systems concepts and decentralized networks.     Cryptocurrencies in general  and how the blockchain technology will impact our society you should read these books : “Money on Demand  you can find here    www.amazondp/B  N UZ E/ref=sspa_dk_detail_ ?psc=     amazon   Amazon : Money On Demand: The    Fastest Ways to Becoming a Millionaire Online eBook: Steven Essa  Corinna Essa: Kindle Store and “Cryptoassets  you find here    www.amazonCryptoassets Innovative Investors Bitcoin Beyond/dp/         /ref=pd_sim_ _ ?_encoding=UTF8;psc= ;refRID=BFKG7E Q7QB  K VT NM    amazon   Cryptoassets: The Innovative Investor's Guide to Bitcoin and Beyond: Chris Burniske  Jack Tatar:  7         : Amazon : Books    Cryptography .  There is  a chapter on “Mastering Blockchain  I mentioned before on Cryptography used on Bitcoin such as SHA    algorithm. So you can read that.
    What makes Ethereum different from Bitcoin is the possibility to built smart contracts which you can built only on Ethereum.  This is possible in Ethereum as transactions in this blockchain have an extra field  the data field.  On that field you can put smart contract code which is basically if else instructions. The simpler the contract the better is for security reasons.  And of course you can call the smart contract code from another smart contract code just like when you call a function in Java programming let’s say.  This possibility is not possible on Bitcoin blockchain and that’s why bitcoin is only a store of value with the capability to transfer the value between participants in the network.  Just a couple of days ago I read about a startup called RSK which is trying to give the possibility to developers to build smart contracts for the Bitcoin blockchain. Here you can find more about it    www.rsk.co/    rsk.co  RSK  And if they succede in doing this then Bitcoin will really be unstoppable.
    Some of the most important features of blockchain technology are :   Distributed consensus which enables a blockchain to present a single version of the truth without the requirement of a central authority   The transactions posted from nodes are verified based on a predetermined set of rules. Only valid transactions are selected for inclusion in a block     A blockchain is a platform where programs can run that execute business logic on behalf of the users  the so called smart contracts    Blockchain enables the transfer of value between its users via tokens. Tokens can be thought of as a carrier of value    A blockchain can generate cryptocurrency as an incentive to its miners who validate the transactions and spend resources in order to secure the blockchain.However  this last feature is an optional feature depending on the type of blockchain used.  Now  in order for a blockchain to work properly you need distributed consensus and transfer of values between nodes i.e. messaging. Thus these features are I think the most important ones.  The Bitcoin blockchain has also resolved the “double spending  problem which is one more feature in favor of the blockchain technology.
    The blockchain technology definition highly depends on how you look at it. You can look at it under a business view  or under a technical view .  So under a technical perspective  the blockchain technology is a peer to peer distributed ledger that is cryptographically secure  append only  immutable and up dateable only via consensus among peers. There are different consensus mechanisms which allow the nodes that participate in the peer to peer network to agree on the new state of the distributed ledger.  Under a business perspective  the blockchain technology as a platform where peers can exchange values using transactions without the need for a central trusted arbitrator such ad a bank.  Can you immagine a world without banks ? Well  this is powerful concept which has a tremendous potential.
   The best one I know is “Internet of Money  of Andreas Antonopoulos.
    The term distributed consensus indicates the fact and the way in which the nodes in a blockchain sincronize their data and reach a consensus regarding transactions happening i.e. Alice received   bitcoins from Bob. Since the majority of the nodes should reach a consensus before updating the distributed ledger the consensus they reach is called distributed.  There are a number of consensus mechanisms or algorithms.  So in order to reach consensus the Bitcoin blockchain uses Proof of Work   while Ethereum uses Proof of Work currently  but is moving towards Proof of Stake .  The Hyperledger Sawtooth uses Proof of Elapsed Time .
   The term “Colored Coins  stands to indicate a usage of Bitcoin’s Scripting Language that enables the storing of small amounts of metadata on the Bitcoin blockchain.  Colored coins can be used to represent and manage real world assets  and because they are running on the Bitcoin blockchain  they can leverage Bitcoin’s immutability  permanence  ease of transfer and transparency.  Colored coins serve as tokens that can be marked to represent and prove of ownership of other types of assets such as real estate  precious metals  company shares etc..  For example in a block you can write whatever you want and that data will be there forever just like in the block below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg dec7e7   b abace    bf   8dd7e.webp
   Probably many but Hyperledger is of course one of the most important.  It is backed by LinuxFoundation and currently there exist different HyperLedger based frameworks such as Hyperledger Sawtooth or HyperLedger Fabbric.  You can find out more about it here    hyperledger/projects    hyperledger  Hyperledger Projects  One important contributor of Hyperledger projects is Everledger of which you can read here    www.everledger.io/#technology    everledger.io  A Digital Global Ledger
    A good way for understanding Blockchain Technology (and Bitcoin) is to read the Andreas Antonopoulos book “The Internet of Money .  It is a great book and it can give an explanation in laymen’s terms of what are blocks  cryptography  consensus mechanisms etc.. but above all why blockchain technology will have a huge impact on the life of millions of people.
      It depends on different factors. The ones that I can list are :   Your knowledge of distributed systems and consensus protocols. You shoud know what is a node  a Byzantin node  the CAP theorem and so on.   Your knowledge of the basics of cryptography and SHA algorithm.     Your knowledge of a programming language such as Java or Javascript. A language that is used in the last years for building smart contracts and thus blockchain based applications is Solidity. You can use it for building applications on the Ethereum blockchain. Otherwise you can learn Javascript and use List blockchain to build applications.    Your general knowledge or the knowledge of domain in which you want to apply blockchain technology to solve problems.  Also keep in mind that blockchain technology is evolving just like internet in the   ′ so you may need updating yourself frequently and finally may never end learning. This is something you can deduct by checking the Gartner Technology Hype curve for example. Blockchain technology is currently inside the “Peak of inflated expectations  which mean that this technology despite very promising at the moment is also not yet mature.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b  b7dc  aafe  db    c  c .webp
    The situation in Greece is crazy. A tax cut would maybe be necessary but is it doable under such conditions?  But Greek economy is recovering (it will start to grow this year) and that is a good news.  However  instead of cutting taxes  I would invest the money gathered from the taxes in technological innovation and related infrastructure that could boost the country’s economy.
   Albanian  Italian  Greek  English are the first four which I currently speak almost everyday.  I have learned German in the last years but I’m not speaking it so much… however  that is my fifth language. Then I learned French in school for eight years but that one is also a dead language for me as I have nobody to talk with in French.  I would very much like to learn Russian and Chinese. I hope that by learning Russian I can understand Slavic languages and Chinese language because is so fascinating.  Just learning how to draw one of those ideograms you see below should be fun  let alone learn how to draw    pieces that compound the Chinese language “alphabet .  The good news is that some of those ideograms are kind of self explanatory : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e 7e  b  c b    f d    f7fa.webp
     There are different affordable resources you can use to get certified in a great blockchain technology such as Hyperledger.  Hyperledger is a Linux Foundation project that you can use to build business applications based on blockchain technology.  A free course you can follow is the one on EdEx platform which you can find here    training.linuxfoundation/linux courses/system administration training/blockchain for business an introduction to hyperledger    linuxfoundation  Blockchain for Business   An Introduction to Hyperledger Technologies  The course is free but for the certificate you have to pay about    $ which I guess that is an affordable price.
     There are three applications of blockchain technology that come immediately in my mind.   Supply chain record keeping   Voting and     Crowdfunding  In particular supply chain record keeping the blockchain can help in reducing loss or counter fait of products during the supply chain thus giving a guarantee on the originality of the products.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   bb  ddd  8a d7e  a7c dd ec .webp   The second one is voting where blockchain will help in increasing transparency and preventing vote fraud. Two startups that are working in building voting systems by using blockchain technology are DemocracyEarth and FollowMyVote    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      f a c8a ae    c b .webp   In crowdfunding instead the blockchain technology can not only make the process faster and transparent but also can allow for very small contributions that otherwise would be not possible (and economically convenient) to accept.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a   f d f fe     8ed7db f.webp   A popular example of successful crowdfunding campaign using the blockchain technology are the ICO (Initial Coin Offering)  There are of course many other applications that I could mention as for example the ones that make smart government a reality.  Who knows future what reserves for blockchain applications applications.  I think we live in a very exiting moment for the blockchain technology as as you can see from the Gartner Hype Cycle of the emerging technologies.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b  b7dc  aafe  db    c  c .webp   Currently the blockchain technology stands inside the “Peak of Inflated Expectations   and the “Trough of Disillusionment   period will soon follow it. So there will be a period of five to ten years of stalling before the blockchain technology becomes mature enough and starts giving birth to reliable and useful applications in even more fields than the ones I listed above.
   To learn building a blockchain you should first understand how it is made. This step is fundamental in order to build your own blockchain.  A nice demo that explains you what is a blockchain and how it is made  based on concepts such as cryptography and distributed computing   is the following    andersblockchain/    anders   Blockchain Demo  Below you can see the components od a block as the block number  hash  nonce and the data you can insert to the block. The data are fundamental as they cannot change but are permanently written in the block and explain one of the blockchain properties  immutability.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ad  f      b  cdfd   af   7 b7.webp   Once that you know how a blockchain is made you can move to experimenting how to build one A free resource I have tried is the following one    medium.freecodecamp/from what is blockchain to building a blockchain within an hour e efc  d    freecodecamp  From “What is Blockchain?  to building a blockchain in less than an hour  Moreover  if you want to interact with a great blockchain as the Ethereum and want to build your smart contracts you can use    githubweb j/    github   web j library which makes the development of smart contracts easier but before you have to understand how the Ethereum blockchain works.
    The blockchain technology is not an easy one to understand.  In particular there are two concepts you should first have clear in your head. Those two concepts are cryptography and distributed computing.  So if you want to start learning I would advice you to start with something more divulgative on what are hashes  blocks  distributed computing and blockchains .  For example a good explanation of what are all those concepts is given here    andersblockchain/    anders   Blockchain Demo There you can understand what are SHA    cryptography algorithms are how it plays a role in tying the blocks together in a chain  thus the blockchain.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg db e  ef7b fd a     ea    8a .webp   Then you can continue with a more technical content. A course such as the following    www.udemyblockchain and bitcoin fundamentals    udemy   Blockchain and Bitcoin Fundamentals | Udemy might give you a better idea of the blockchain technology and its concepts as a whole. I got my certificate of completing the course recently so I can recommend it without hesitation.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg cc  7ffa    a7f d afdf   f a 8.webp   Another resource you can use in your learning path is also the Hyperledger project. Here you find it    www.hyperledger/    hyperledger  Home Hyperledger is a Linux Foundation project and is about blockchain for business applications. Now there is a free course on Hyperledger taught by EdEx and you can find it here    training.linuxfoundation/linux courses/system administration training/blockchain for business an introduction to hyperledger    linuxfoundation  Blockchain for Business   An Introduction to Hyperledger Technologies  I think that this is enough material to start with. However  during your learning and experimenting with blockchain  you will have to go back and reread what you have learned many times as blockchain concepts are not easy to grasp. Happy learning : )
     Reviews and surveys are an effective way (in terms of time spent) in order to find open research issues.  For example let’s say your field is “Distributed Systems  and in particular Blockchain technology. In order to know the current state of art of the field you need to know first what are the works that have been already done. But you don’t need to go and find all the research papers of the filed. Somebody has alredy done it for you in a survey or paper review.  So for a blockchain technology researcher would be helpful the following review    www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC   7  /    nih.gov  Where Is Current Research on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review  Once that you read the papers that define the state of art  listed in the survey  you can then move to identify those gray areas where open and/or novel research may be hidden.  A good way of maximizing the impact of your research is to contact the authors of those papers and try to collaborate with them by clearly stating your contribution.
   There are no readers which you can use to open such a big file.  But you can read the first ten lines of the file by using Java or any other programming language and print those ten lines in a .csv file.  This way you can see the structure of the data in there.  Once that you know the structure you can process the file accordingly and extract the data you want from it.  Keep in mind also that in order to process a    Gbit file you will need at least    Gbit of RAM
    Yes  I’ve tried it. Here is my profile on    steemit@alketcecaj    steemit   Steemit  It is not bad. You kind of get payed for publishing but is not that easy. However the experience you have on Steemit is not even near to what you can get on Quora. The same can be said for the quality of the content. This is probably what Steemit has most to learn from Quora. And then of course user experience.
     As always make your own research before deciding to invest.  To answer the question  such currency might be very well Steem coin as I already wrote here    /Which cryptos below dollar can make it to     in two years from now/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Which cryptos below   dollar can make it to     in two years from now?  For a number of reasons which are :   very fast blockchain in processing transactions   great team behind such as Ned Scott and Dan Larimer     Existing application which is Steemit with more that  thousand users    Great future with the release of the SMT (Smart Media Tokens) which is a way to monetize every type of web content.  I think that Steem has already a future. But let’s sit back and watch.
     Steem may be a good candidate.  The Steem blockchain is currently one of the fastest in processing transactions and it is based on the “Delegated Proof of Stake  mechanism which means also that you can earn something just by owning Steem.  The CEO of    Steem.io    steem.io  Steem   blockchain based social media platform Ned Scott is a young enterpreneur which seem to be pretty good at his work. Also the last family of coins SMT (Smart Media Tokens) which will be released in December or Jannuary will also contribute to add value (and increase the existing one) to the Steem coin.  Now  this is my opinion and as always make your own research before consider investing.
   There are two ways to answer this question.  The first one  which is a bit easy  would be yes  Greeks deserve their corrupted politicians which they have voted  thus Greeks are corrupted as a society.  The second one  which requires a bit more reasoning  is no  Greeks are not more corrupted as a society or mentality than are Danes or Germans. But their system is. A system made of politicians and leaders and managers and the biggest part of the leadership  all of them comited in an interweaving of interests and money.  I’m sure that if Greeks could choose they would pick the honest system which gives the priority to the meritocracy and not to the bureaucracy and to the people which pay more to get where they want to go. The same is true for Italians  Albanians and so on..  So in this direction  I think that Greek society more than corrupted  is a society that suffers from the illness of corruption and have to develop strong antibodies agains this virus.  Unfortunately  the process of developing antibodies and eventually healing from such disease will not happen automatically. But this is another story.
   This is only half true.  Austerity measures only gave the final blow to a long suffering ill economy.  The most interesting part of the story   as I already wrote in the comments  is that none of the Greek politicians and/or bankers and/or people in charge went to the prison for this crisis and neither for the widespread corruption affecting the country.  And is exactly this ubiquitus corruption which is the main reason for the big debt Greece already had before the crisis in     .  So in my oppinion  Greek people should first put their polititians to prison before accusing German or French polititans and /or bankers. When they will have done this they can go on to continue inquiring and find the real thieves of their money.
     You can buy steem power from you Steemit profile.  In you wallet you should see something like this where you can buy ether steemit or steem power.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d a     7  e   fc8d e 7dc  7.webp   It will take you to the blocktrades where you can set the quantity of steem power you want to buy by using bitcoin  ETH or any other cryptocurrency.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    8f  dcf   8b ffb 8a fb    bb.webp   If you follow the instructions it shouldn’t be difficoult.  I hope this mini guide helped you : )
     Ok  there are three question inside your submission. So let me break this down.  What is steemit ?  it is a blogging and social networking website builded on top of blockchain technology. The coin that originates from the blockchain is known as Steem  . The coin is also the main motivation for users to participate in steemit.  How can one earn crypot currency from it?  By writting interesting and good quality content. Steemit users will upvote it and you will earn steem.  Is it really a trusted site?  Yes  you can trust steemit in the same way you trust facebook or twitter.
   Before going to the money  try first to write good content which is interesting for users to read. Maybe you’ll get the money also.
  No Steemit is not a scam.  Steemit is a nice experiment one of its kind but there is no scam behind it. Steemit even gives you as a welcome gift more that   steem of voting power.  Powered by the blockchain technology I think steemit will be a very interesting experiment and it has all the chances to be a successful one.
   Maybe  in the very long term  i.e. five years or even more. Steemit and Smart Media Tokens will be a nice experiment so sit back and watch.  However in the very short term I think the steem coin will decrease in value so to allow more people adopting it.
  It pays proportionally ith your voting power. It also pays if you are very good in writing interesting content.  However it takes time to reach a certain number of followers and start earning something.
   Difficoult to make predictions. However my opinion is that Steemit will grow. The underlying blockchain implementation will be its engine and will attract more and more people in the future. In particular bloggers seeking to monetize their content.  In this direction goes also the SMT galaxy invented in the last months by Scott the CEO of    Steem.io    steem.io  Steem.io  There is also an important investment done by    ibtimes.co.uk/global blockchain technologies announces   m fund invest steem smts          ibtimes.co.uk  Global Blockchain Technologies announces $  m fund to invest in Steem SMTs  So yes  I can say that steemit in the next two years will be stronger and bigger. I wonder what effect this will have on the steem coin which powers the economic system under steemit !? But I think that the coin also will get its benefits in terms of value after the steemit growth and the release of SMT.
     Many answers already written on Quora say the opposite!
   We don’t know yet if it is a game changer. It is of course an original idea and the blockchain technology makes it happen.  In my opinion SMT is an interesting experiment and it has a good chance to succede.  After all steemit also is a sucessful experiment and SMT might very well be one.  If SMT will be a game changer ? I don’t see it yet as such.
   Ahmet Zogu was the last Albanian king… or was he ? He proclaimed himself as the king of Albanians after being their prime minister.  Now  the King by definition is a man that protects his people with the power of his sword and if needed might be sacrificing himself for his own people. Thus  the only Albanian King I can think of which satisfies this definition is Scanderbeg.
     I think Quora does not need it. At least for now. Quora offers a unique user experience and quality content. That is enough rewarding for users. At least for now : )
    Here is how it works.  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/fn8Awo JtzI?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= fn8Awo JtzI  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/fn8Awo JtzI/ .jpg');   /div
    If you are a beginner then you can take    solidity.bitdegree/    bitdegree  BitDegree Solidity Course  Created by BitDegree  the first blockchain powered online education platform  this course is the best first step you can take to learning Solidity.  As a prerequisite you must know Javascript of course.
    Here    solidity.bitdegree    bitdegree  BitDegree Solidity Course  It is a course organized from BitDegree  the first blockchain powered online education platform with token scholarships ; tech talent acquisition.  If you are a beginner it is the best first step you can take to learning Solidity.
   Let me break this down very quickly!  What is blockchain technology?   The next internet.  How can one build a career in this?   As with most other careers by studying and working hard.  What is the scope?   The scope is that of entering an ecosystem wich will dominate the next    years of technological developments. Blockchain technology can be applied and revolutionize many many sectors.
       en.wikipedia/wiki/Aurela_Ga%C %A7e    wikipedia  Aurela Gaçe   Wikipedia of course : )  Why ? Because she has a beautiful voice that can capture different generes going from pop to soul and folk.  Here are some master pieces  ————— Folk   div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/m  vZZ8olao?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= m  vZZ8olao  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/m  vZZ8olao/ .jpg');   /div  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/A kFzpRiTU ?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= A kFzpRiTU   style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/A kFzpRiTU / .jpg');   /div  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/FigX Q8QujM?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= FigX Q8QujM  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/FigX Q8QujM/ .jpg');   /div  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/brR  j7fvPQ?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= brR  j7fvPQ  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/brR  j7fvPQ/ .jpg');   /div  —————— Pop   div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/ XyZca fTTE?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= XyZca fTTE  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/ XyZca fTTE/ .jpg');   /div  —————— Eurovision       div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/ yy7Ls ptc?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id=  yy7Ls ptc  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/ yy7Ls ptc/ .jpg');   /div
      About this argument there is the Kaggle Data Science Survey    7: Worldwide Preferences for Python ; R  which explains better the situation.  Judging form the following map that can be created by the Kaggle data science survey  Python is still strong in countries such Russia  Japan  Norway etc..  R programming instead is the king in Australia  Colombia  South Africa and Chile. In countries like US or Canada there seem to be a quite equilibrated situation while China seem to prefer Python.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e7be   bdff87cb      efd   dd 8.webp
    I have been investing very small amounts until now and my experience with Seedrs is still very young.  Below the graphics of how the investments are divided by sector.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     a 7d  fbd f b    f8dca.webp   However  in the last Seedrs report you can read that if you choose carefully your investments and diversify properly you get a return between    and    % annually.  Here you can find the report    portfolio.seedrs    seedrs   Portfolio Update      by Seedrs
   I’m attending the following course on Udemy    www.udemyblockchain developer/    udemy   Ethereum Blockchain Developer: Build Projects Using Solidity  The Ethereum blockchain is one of the most important ones so it is a good investment to learn about it.
    I like the following book    www.packtpubbig data and business intelligence/building blockchain projects    packtpub   Building Blockchain Projects  Also  there is also a good course on Udemy that I’m attending right now    www.udemyblockchain developer/learn/v /overview    udemy   Ethereum Blockchain Developer: Build Projects Using Solidity  On youtube I like the following video which give you blockchain applications examples from    different industries that the blockchain technology will disrupt.  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/G psxs gyf8?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= G psxs gyf  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/G psxs gyf8/ .jpg');   /div  Enjoy : )
     If exist a MOOC to learn about blockchain? There are already so many that is impossible to list them all.  Udemy is a great place to find courses. You can check    www.udemythe basics of blockchain/    udemy   The Basics of Blockchain   Udemy while on LinkedIn Learning for example there is “Blockchain basics   taught by    www.linkedinlearning/instructors/jonathan reichental    linkedin   Jonathan Reichental   I followed this course a couple of months ago and now I’m the proud owner of the following LinkedIn Learning certificate : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg        d       af8de   b 77a  .webp   Jokes a part  I learned a lot of things as the course was structured in an easy to follow way so I recommend it for beginners.
    Blockchain is an example of distributed computing. So learn first what distributed computing means and then dive into protocols of communication.  Learn what is Proof of Work (PoW) and what is Prof of Stake(PoW) which are two different mechanisms of consensus through which the blockchain functions.  Learn programming of course in Java if you can. Then learn Javascript which will help you with Solidity the language that creates smart contract in the Ethereum blockchain.  There are many good online courses you can follow such as    www.udemythe basics of blockchain/    udemy   The Basics of Blockchain   Udemy of Tim Serres I have been following.  Below my certificate : )     www.udemycertificate/UC I OPUEDB/    udemy   Completion certificate for The Basics of Blockchain
    You should use apache cordova and have installed first Android SDK of course. Below you find a good guide on this argument     evothingsdoc/build/cordova guide.html#BuildingForAndroid    evothings   Cordova Guide
    As stated in the documentation regarding the “Launch App    “To launch our App  just need to enter path to  code class= prettyprint inline prettyprinted  style=   index.html /code  file in browser. Because Framework uses Ajax for navigation between pages make sure that you have http server running   The doc is available here :    framework7.io/docs/get started.html    framework7.io  Getting Started With Framework  Enjoy : )
   More that blogs I will recommend you to follow people. Follow Andreas Anonopoulos and read his book “The Internet of Money .
    Statistics descriptive and Bayesian statistics  linear algebra and combinatorics
     Yes  it is called BitDegree and here it is the link to it    www.bitdegree/en/token    bitdegree  Revolutionizing education with blockchain
    If I would say it in one word  I would say trust . It enables interactions between people that would probably never exchange anything between them.  And this is because it provides what makes the exchange possible  trust. For example  you probably would never send some money to somebody you don’t know. That somebody may tell that he never received anything or he may just disappear. Well  with blockchain that is impossible as the transaction you make will be traced by the blockchain and will be written in the public ledger.  Suddenly we don’t need anymore the banks. Now  this is where the discussion becomes interesting. Banks are the temples of capitalism. If we switch from a centralized financial system which is the one we have today to a decentralized one enabled by the blockchain then also capitalism will change. DO you imagine the social impact that this will have? So this is  I think  what makes the blockchain technology so unique.
   Unfortunately  blockchain technology alone is not enough to defeat corruption and bureaucracy. There is needed a human and political will to defeat bureaucracy and corruption in particular.  But however  I do believe that the blockchain technology will greatly help our society to fight corruption and simplify bureaucracy.   For example  it offers an opportunity to implement processes with unprecedented transparency.  Also  the decentralization of these processes will make them more democratic. Think about a voting system that uses blockchain technology thus making the manipulation and fraud of elections impossible. Blockchain will make voter registration and identity verification impossible to counterfeit.  Check the project    democracy.earth/    democracy.earth  Democracy Earth Foundation to understand how this is going to be implemented in blockchian technology. Another interesting project is also    followmyvote    followmyvote   Introducing The Online Voting Platform Of The Future!  The blockchain will provide the necessary transparency for the charity sector. This way the donators will be sure that their donations will end up in the right hands as every donation will be tracked by using blockchain technology.  Currently  there are different projects that implement blockchain technology for this purpose such as BitGive Home Page   Bitgive Foundation (   www.bitgivefoundation/    bitgivefoundation  Home Page   Bitgive Foundation )  The efficiency that the blockchain provides will help to simplify bureaucracy since it eliminates the middleman.  So yes  the blockchain will very much help. It is not a case the World Economic Forum elected the blockchain technology as one of the six technologies with the greatest impact on our society in the next    years.
    Quora is too busy  providing good quality content  to be concerned about Steemit. But Steemit is actually an idea that has shown to be working. They still have some problems with scalability but the site is now on top    sites in the world according to Alexa rankings.  I also like the idea behind Refind which is a site that is trying to provide users with relevant content. In order to attract users they are giving cryptocurrency coins for free.  Here you find more about Refind    relevance munity/    relevance munity  Why we're building Refind and giving away   billion coins and if you need an invitation to signup please contact me.
     It is very difficult nowadays to find a serious ICO and even if you find it  it is always a bet. So recommending one is for me like betting.  I would recommend instead Refind.  Refind helps you find relevant articles that best suit your interests. In order to attract users Refind is using an interesting idea.  Basically  Refind is reversing the concept of ICO and gives you    ETH based coins for free. They the site will buy back the coins with their profits.  For now you can sign up to Refind only by invitation. Please contact me if you need one.  Here you can find more about Refind    relevance munity/    relevance munity  Why we're building Refind and giving away   billion coins
    ICOs are a waste of time and money.  It is very difficult nowadays to find a serious ICO and even if you find it  it is always a bet. Gambling your BTC or ETH is maybe better in terms of profit.  I would recommend instead Refind.  Refind helps you find relevant articles that best suit your interests. In order to attract users Refind is using an interesting idea.  Basically  Refind is reversing the concept of ICO and gives you    ETH based coins for free. They the site will buy back the coins with their profits.  For now you can sign up to Refind only by invitation. Please contact me if you need one.  Here you can find more about Refind    relevance munity/    relevance munity  Why we're building Refind and giving away   billion coins
    Well  it was not for Lary Page and Sergey Brin. During their PhD they developed the biggest part of the algorithms (PageRank for example) that power Google. In general  I think that the PhD research period has the purpose to prepare you for post doc period and eventually start a career as a scientist.
    I got some offers from different web sites for writing articles on their pages on machine learning and data science in general.  Other than that  not much. It is however difficult to know since recruiters usually contact you on Linkedin but they may have read your answers on Quora.  I however believe that Quora is a place frequently crawled by head hunters in order to find relevant people for their positions.
    I think the best answer to Greek politicians was given by Albanian’s foreign affairs minister    it.wikipedia/wiki/Ditmir_Bushati    wikipedia  Ditmir Bushati   Wikipedia . In very simple words he said: “Greeks are not happy with how we treat Greek minority? Ok  let them show us their model of how to treat minorities and we will follow it .  Now  the Greek model of treating minorities in almost   years of Greek state was : “Declare you are Greek and stay here or leave otherwise . The many exchanges of population in different periods between Turkey and Greece were done based on this simple principle. You can judge it as much as you want but it was a very effective way of building an ethnically homogenous population no matter how much Greece expanded in the last    years. My opinion is that Greeks learned a lot from Ottomans on how to govern a geographic area.  The only minority recognized by the Greek state is the Muslim minority in Western Thrace which according to official stats amounts to close to       persons. This minority exists because of a tacit deal with Turkey so that Greece can keep a Greek minority in Constantinople now Istambul.  The Law Library of Congress has interesting material about this matter and you can find it here    www.loc.gov/law/help/greece minorities/greece.php    loc.gov  Greece: Status of Minorities  Something important to keep in mind is:   Albanians that currently live in Greece are not a minority but simple economic immigrants.  Arvanites population was gradually assimilated either because they never got their status of minority by the Greek state and/or never cultivated their Albanian traditions and language.  A funny anecdote about Albanian’s foreign affairs minister Ditmir Bushati and his Greek homologue Kotsias is the following.  In a press conference  Kotsias called him Dimitr instead of Ditmir and claimed that his name had Greek roots. So the good Ditmir (which is a name that in Albanian means good day) thanked Kotsias about the lovely remark and reminded him that his name was Ditmir which fortunately already has a meaning in Albanian.  Finally an Albanian politician that shows some character! Well done Ditmir. “Be yourself  everybody else is already taken .
    Yes  I bought my macbook pro using not Bitcoin but Ethereum.  I wanted to go from windows to mac so I got a macbook pro from a guy selling it in a little town near Bologna. The macbook had a very good price and was in very good conditions and I decided to buy it.  I went to the town to meet the guy and buy the macbook. I was confident that there of course would be more than one ATM so I could withdraw some money from and pay for the macbook.  I was right only partially. There was an ATM giving money but I could withdraw only half of the sum I needed. Banks sometimes do not keep their promise. So I asked the guy if he would accept some Ethereum for the rest of the money I had to give him. He said ok so I paid the half of the sum in ETH. My first payment in cryptocurrency : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  ae 8d  d ded    c     d bec .webp
    I will of course. I live in Bologna so this is “one in a life time  chance for me.
      You can do machine learning in Java and there are some prety good libraries such as WEKA for example    www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java  And you can use WEKA even if you dont know how to program through its GUI.  Also deeplearning j is a good library for deep learning in Java. You can find it here    deeplearning j/    deeplearning j  Open source  Distributed Deep Learning for the JVM  However  I believe that for deep learning algorithms Python is the king.
    Maybe you should specify better the context of language. Do you mean every day talk?  I don't know if there are available datasets and related statistics about this problem. However  from a Natural Language Processing point of view  it is an interesting question. Given that there are no other data  for making a simple analysis  and answering the question I considered two Wikipedia pages in Albanian. The pages are Albania and Albanian language and made a cloud graphics as below.  The most frequent words are visualized in bigger fonts. So larger is the character of a word and more frequent in the dataset that particular word is.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a    777bb  be88f 8a d  ebe  .webp   So words like “shqipe   “dhe  and “gjuhes  are the most frequent ones in the dataset.
      Here is how Steemit make money. Watch carefully the video and bear in mind your concept from economics.  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/fn8Awo JtzI?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= fn8Awo JtzI  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/fn8Awo JtzI/ .jpg');   /div
      I don’t know very well the answer to this question. What I do know for sure is the fact that tax evasion will be more and more difficult to accomplish.  As technology advances  will be almost impossible to hide wealth  in particular the material one.  Here is an old but good example of how is    businessinsidergreek government using google earth to find tax offenders      ?IR=T    businessinsider   Greek Government Using Google Earth To Find Tax Offenders  This does not apply to Greeks only but to all of us.  Moral of the story? If there is an unnatural percentage of Greeks that want to fight tax evasion  soon there will be a natural one.
     I think    /If Steemit continues to go on as it does why would anyone use Quora/answer/Garry Taylor   Garry Taylor's answer to If Steemit continues to go on as it does  why would anyone use Quora? is the key to understand why anyone would continue to use Quora. That’s quality. Quora provides users with original quality content which can’t be find else where.
     I still have to read their white paper and understand better how the whole system works. However  I can say that Steemit is a unique of its kind experiment. Nobody knows for sure if it will die or thrive.  One thing is for sure. Steemit is backed by a cryptocurrency (which is Steem) and cryptocurrencies are here to stay.
   I like this post here on medium :    mediumthe mission/everything i learned about investing i learned while crying  cf   ef8da     medium   Everything I Learned About Investing I Learned While Crying  Also this site here seem to be a good one for learning to invest    mastersinvestnew page    /    mastersinvest   Investment Masters  Good luck.
     Currently there is a project sponsored by Albanian government called “Brain drain  brain gain   that aims just that : attract young scientists  PhD s or high qualified Albanians that work in different countries and make them think about an eventual return in Albania.  Here you find more about it :    migrationdrc/publications/other_publications/Brain_Gain_Policy_Paper_english_FINAL.pdf    migrationdrc  migrationdrc/publ...  This is a good project when it comes to evaluate the number of people that would consider something like that. But the problem is that Albania has not yet the potential to attract those people. Patriotism is not enough here and it is not a matter of money. Instead it is a matter of system.  Albania has a long way to go before starts investing in scientific research and thus create the system that is needed to win back the qualified people. So my answer is no. Albania is great for holidays. Making a professional career there is a quite different story.
     Now you can use    class central     class central   Discover Free Online Courses ; MOOCs • Class Central
      Yes  definitely.  Solidity is the language Ethereum blockchain speaks so learning it means that you have access to an environment of great potential. Smart contracts for example.  Solidity is similar to Javascript so a previous knowledge of the aforementioned language may help.
    As more and more countries and organizations recognize Kosovo as an independent state  and more Serbia will get (and feel) isolated in the international arena in its position of not recognizing Kosovo.  I think this is the main concern of Serbia.  Moreover UNESCO  is an international organization that cares about cultural heritage and finances different initiatives of preservation of this heritage. This would put Kosovo in the position of receiving financial aid to spend in activities of restauring of old buildings of historical importance.  Regarding the    /What will happen if Kosovo joins in UNESCO What concerns Serbia about the membership of Kosovo in UNESCO/answer/Petar Milosavljevic  Petar Milosavljevic's answer to What will happen if Kosovo joins in UNESCO? What concerns Serbia about the membership of Kosovo in UNESCO? I think that the great majority of Albanians condemns acts of violence towards other religious groups in Kosovo. History teaches us that violence of religious character is not new in the Balkans and I’m thinking of the most terrible one  Srebrenica.
   I speak both languages and as an Albanian I find Greek easier than Italian. Which one is more beautiful? I can't say. For me they are both beautiful each in its own way.
   I made some research and found the following two      www.rootproject.co/    rootproject.co  RootProject   Impak    mpk.impak.eco/en/  mpk.impak.eco/en/  In particular Impak is about puting people first in the creation of the impact economy. This impact economy is built on organizations sharing values of Social Purpose  Ecological Concern  Economic Efficiency and Inclusive Governance.
   That Bosniacs are far more muslim than Albanians. Mainly for two reasons :   Communism in Yougoslavia didn’t closed down moscheas so they continued to be muslims. Albanians instead had   years of religion free period.   Bosnians had a war in their country and this war was also due to the different religion Bosniacs had compared to their enemies.  Here you find my answer comparing Islam in Bosnia and in Albania :    /Do Muslims in Albania eat pork or not/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Do Muslims in Albania eat pork or not?
   If you mean Scanderbeg  I already wrote an answer here :    /Do Albanian Muslims like Skanderbeg/answers/         Alket Cecaj's answer to Do Albanian Muslims like Skanderbeg?
   I have find this source here :    helgilibraryindicators/arrivals of tourists total/    helgilibrary   HelgiLibrary   Arrivals of Tourists (Total) showing top   countries for arrivals of tourists in Europe.  From the graphic it seems that Greece has above    million tourists each year.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg aa ff8    d 7  a bbfe   be87.webp   Here an arrival is defined as a person (tourist) who arrives at a tourist accommodation establishment and checks in or arrives at non rented accommodation.  But in the scope of the Regulation concerning European statistics on tourism  this variable is not collected for the latter type of accommodation. Statistically there is not much difference if  instead of arrivals  departures are counted. No age limit is applied: children are counted as well as adults  even in those cases in which the overnight stays of children might be free of charge.  The arrivals of same day visitors spending only a few hours during the day (no overnight stay  the date of arrival and departure are the same) at the establishment are excluded from accommodation statistics.
   No. Facebook account is not guilty.  Turn off notifications and instead concentrate in what you’re doing. Self discipline is one of the key skills in order to succede with career and life.  As for politics  it is useless to get mad with it. You either take your sleeves up and do something or just ignore it.
   Learning Albanian is not an easy task.  If you come from Balkans maybe it will not sound so strange. For example a Greek friend of mine can talk in Albanian with almost no strange accent and it took him just a couple of years to learn it.  But  if you come from western Europe then you will find Albanian very different from any other language. You will find it pretty difficult to learn and in fact it is.  So a customized learning experience my be needed.  There are books you can buy. I bought a book called “Albanian for Italians  for my wife which is Italian. Pronunciation may be a problem as many Albanian sounds have no equivalent in many western European languages.  As for web sites there are many Youtube channels. Just google it with the following key words “ meso shqip online /i   which means learn Albanian online.
  Simple. People will think that you are a complete moron.
   You can understand it this way.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a e     7c d d a  b      e.webp   If “one picture is worth a thousand words  then this should help you understand what are type one and type two errors in statistics.  If I would explain otherwise a type I error  is the incorrect rejection of a true null hypothesis or a  false positive . The doctor on the left just made an incorrect rejection of his null hypothesis “The man is not pregnant .  A type II error  instead is an incorrect retaining of a false null hypothesis or a  false negative . In fact the doctor on the right just made on incorrect retaining of her null hypothesis “The woman is not pregnant .
   Berat of course.  The (prestigious) Telegraph says Berat is among    telegraph.co.uk/travel/lists/The    most beautiful towns in Europe/    telegraph.co.uk  The    most beautiful towns in Europe .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ac  ac b  fd  ce  7 fcd  bf .webp   I nice answer to read is the    /profile/Evangelos Lolos  Evangelos Lolos here    /Have you ever been in Berat Albania How do you find it/answer/Evangelos Lolos  Evangelos Lolos' answer to Have you ever been in Berat  Albania? How do you find it?  I also wrote about old architecture you find in Berat :    /What are some impressive examples of Ottoman architecture in Balkans/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some impressive examples of Ottoman architecture in Balkans?
    Some (few) see him as a hero  others (many) see him as a cruel dictator for making Albania a place where fundamental freedoms of human beings were not respected as I wrote here :    /How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society?  And again some(few) see him as a savoir from the capitalists and revisionists and some (many) see him as the only person to be held responsible for the left behind state of Albanian economy and social development.  In the last years there have been written many articles on the Albanian press that want him to be immoral and having different psychological problems such as paranoia of which I wrote here :    /Albania Was any of Enver Hoxhas invasion paranoia justified/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Albania: Was any of Enver Hoxha's invasion paranoia justified?  I however believe that he was a not so simple man (as described in some newspapers) to understand given the time and the context in which he lived.
   I don’t know very well. This question however  reminds me of an anecdote about the Albanian  Chinese relationship during the great communism old days.  During the late   ′ and the beginning of the  ′ there were some Chinese electric engineers and technicians that came to work in Albania in order to help Albanian engineers finish the electrification of the country    books.google.it/books/about/Electrification_in_the_People_s_Republic.html?id=QNM7AAAAMAAJ;redir_esc=y    google.it  Electrification in the People's Republic of Albania  That was part of the Albanian   Chinese friendship agreement  years before they would split in bitter divorce as of    en.wikipedia/wiki/Sino Albanian_split    wikipedia  Sino Albanian split   Wikipedia  So after a long day of work in a mountainous area somewhere in the north  a team of Albanian and Chinese engineers was hosted by an Albanian family.  They sat for having dinner and the host (or the householder) started to honor each of them by asking one by one about their city of origin and father’s name. Then the host would say “I know your father  he is a great man.  so to please the guest. This is also  by the way  the Albanian way of honoring the guest.  So at some point it was the turn of a Chinese to interact with the householder.  The Chinese guy had been about   years in Albania and already knew some Albanian so was able to understand and talk.  The host : “What is your name ?   The Chinese guy : “Li Xiu Ying   The host : “Of what city do you come from?   The Chinese guy : “Shanghai   The host : “What is your father name from Shanghai?    Now Shangai was at the time inhabited by    million people. Could the host possibly know the father of the Chinese guy ?  This anecdote though simple (and extreme) shows how much Albanians knew about Chinese people.  Nowadays there is better information about China but still the geographic and cultural distance is huge.  Thus I believe that what Albanians think about China (if they ever think something) is quite limited.  Another misconception Albanians (and not only) have towards Chinese culture is to see it as inferior to the Japanese one when it is the opposite. With all the respect I have for Japanese people.  I also wrote about what Albanians think of their Balkan neighbours here :    /What do the Balkan nations think of each other What are the stereotypes/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What do the Balkan nations think of each other? What are the stereotypes?
   Thanks for A A Nick though you know my knowledge in this field is very limited. So I’ll go by experience and hope my interpretation is right.  The root Baba (in Greek Vava) can be found in Albanian surnames with a certain frequency.  For example Baballiu or Baballeku.  But (I’m sure) I haven’t heard Babasis (Vavasis) as a surname in Albania. As for the meaning  I hope you accept as an answer I don’t know.  I hope this helps.
   Here you go    /What is the best food to try when visiting Albania  What is the best food to try when visiting Albania?  Though it might seem an ironic answer it is my favorite food when I go in Albania.
   I love Quora even more when I see such questions.  But yes  Albanian’s color of skin depends from the season.  For example in summer time we are more black than Senegalis.  But in winter time Albanians change their fur in order to mimic better the environment of the habitat where they live.  More or less like hares.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg c ce 8cef aa af f c f7 7c  df7 .webp
   No  they don’t just like him. They are proud of him.  What you don’t know is that being muslim in Albania is not like being muslim in Turkey or Saudi Arabia. Country and family comes first.  Religion (maybe) comes third or forth. What comes second ? Friends and relatives.  I just wrote about Scanderbeg here :    /How do Albanians feel about Skanderbeg/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How do Albanians feel about Skanderbeg? while about islam in Albania you can read here    /Do Muslims in Albania eat pork or not  Do Muslims in Albania eat pork or not?
   Because it is damn good.  For example    en.wikipedia/wiki/Rebetiko    wikipedia  Rebetiko   Wikipedia . You hear some    en.wikipedia/wiki/Bouzouki    wikipedia  Bouzouki   Wikipedia and it suddenly gives you goose bumps. In Albania it is quite popular in particular in the South.  Not only music but also dances that are derived from it are just amazing.  For me Greek music was a good reason to learn Greek language or better say it helped me to learn the language.  My favorite singer?  Notis Sfakanakis. “Soma mou  apopse pali nikises  or (Η Κιβωτός) “γεννηθηκα στη κιβωτος   και     .  I still hear those songs from a great singer such as Sfakanakis . One of my favorite youtube videos :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/ JaJmIKjIr ?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id=  JaJmIKjIr   style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/ JaJmIKjIr / .jpg');   /div  To answer your question  half a million (economic immigrants) Albanians in Greece keep exporting Greek music in Albania. Together with some Greek dishes such as musaka.  Finally  I don’t know about Middle East or Turkey but I guess that music as a form of cultural contamination finds unexpected ways to travel.
   They feel very proud of him.  As they say “The smaller the country the greater the pride . Albania is a small country and the need for being proud of something is big.  In this case however  Scanderbeg deserves to be mentioned as the only national hero and Albania owns to him maybe the best part of its history.  It seems also that Scanderbeg has an international fame. Here in Rome  in “Albania  square.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a e  a    b cc  d cca   f a 8b .webp   Not the mention here the many other monuments of him in FYR of Macedonia  Kosovo and Cosenza  Italy.  His helm and sword are now exposed to the Viena museum of Kunsthistorisches (history of art).  There is even a Vivaldi’s opera dedicated to Scanderbeg. And there are even congress records in USA about Scanderbeg as you can read here :    www.congress.gov/congressional record/  / / /extensions of remarks section/article/E          congress.gov  Congressional Record by Congressman Joseph Dioguardi.  So yes  Albanians no matter their religious affiliation are very proud of Scanderbeg  even more proud than Italians feel about Garibaldi.
   Lambda expressions in Java are (more or less) implemented through functional interfaces that can represent abstract concepts as for example functions  actions or predicates.  Here are some examples where in bold is the result printed for each example:  // this is by using the test method of Predicate  Predicate&lt;String&gt; stringLen = (s) &gt; s.length() &lt;   ;  System.out.println(stringLen.test( Apples ) +     Apples is less than    );  it will print true   Apples is less than      //Consumer example uses accept method  Consumer&lt;String&gt; consumerStr = (s)  &gt; System.out.println(s.toLowerCase());  consumerStr.accept( ABCDefghijklmnopQRSTuvWxyZ );  which will print abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz   //Function example  Function&lt;Integer String&gt; converter = (num) &gt; Integer.toString(num);  System.out.println( length of   :   + converter.apply(  ).length());  will print = length of   :     //Supplier example  Supplier&lt;String&gt; s = () &gt;  Java is fun ;  System.out.println(s.get());  Java is fun   //Binary Operator example  BinaryOperator&lt;Integer&gt; add = (a  b)  &gt; a + b;  System.out.println( add    +   :   + add.apply(   ));  add    +   :  †   //Unary Operator example  UnaryOperator&lt;String&gt; str = (msg) &gt; msg.toUpperCase();  System.out.println(str.apply( This is my message in upper case ));  THIS IS MY MESSAGE IN UPPER CASE /b
   Asking this question before      would be total naive to say the least.  Yougoslavia and thus Serbia (more so containing the federal capital) was much more developed than Albania in every aspect of human activity that one could think of.  While Albania had a communist regime similar of what is today North Korea  Serbia used to live in a much relaxed context. The leader Tito was an intelligent man in this direction and he liked to eat by using two spoons (as we would say in Albania) one for the East and one for the West.  However  the many years of war during the   ′ that saw Serbia as the main protagonist almost collapsed the country’s economy. War is known to be very expensive and the international community’s sanctions  made the rest    en.wikipedia/wiki/Sanctions_against_Yugoslavia    wikipedia  Sanctions against Yugoslavia   Wikipedia  The final blow to Serbian industry was given when NATO airplanes bombed Zastava’s plants ( together with all the FIAT now FCA investments in it) as well as key infrastructure as bridges for examle.  After all this adventures Serbian economy saw a period of slow recovery only in the very first years of the new millennium.  In the meanwhile Albanian economy improved slowly but steadily. Then in    the real growth arrived. There was almost a double digit GDP growth and the economy revealed to be one of the most dynamic in the region.  However the economic gap between the two countries was huge. Still today this gap is evident  in particular when we consider infrastructure or higher education.  Something where Albania outperforms (slightly) Serbia is life expectancy I wrote about here    /How is life expectancy higher in Albania than Serbia/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How is life expectancy higher in Albania than Serbia? but that is mainly due to geographic position.
   I don’t think he had to. Basically for two reasons :   He was very good at convincing people.   Albanians were christians before and pagans even before that so what problems would they have to go back and forth with religions as long as they could survive.
   What is Albanian culture you say ?  Let’s start from the vehicle of culture which is language of course.  Albanian language  is an Indo European language and occupies an independent branch of such tree of languages. This was demonstrated by the philologist Franz Bopp in    . In more simple terms it means that Albanian is the only representative of its group just like Greek or Armenean language. It survived Greek and Slavic influence and almost  years of Ottoman invasion and was written for the first time on    . This is the date of the oldest still surviving documents written in Albanian which is Baptismal formula   Un'te paghesont' pr'emenit t'Atit e t'Birit e t'Spertit Senit /i .  Albanian mythology.  Albanian myths can be divided into two major groups: legends of  metamorphosis and  historical legends. That would need a book of    pages to explain so please read    en.wikipedia/wiki/Albanian_mythology    wikipedia  Albanian mythology   Wikipedia and    en.wikipedia/wiki/Albanian_Songs_of_the_Frontier_Warriors    wikipedia  Albanian Songs of the Frontier Warriors   Wikipedia The guys that already did the book of Albanian myth and folk tales were different European scholars such as    en.wikipedia/wiki/Johann_Georg_von_Hahn    wikipedia  Johann Georg von Hahn   the Austrian consul in Janina (   en.wikipedia/wiki/Ioannina    wikipedia  Ioannina )     en.wikipedia/wiki/Karl_Reinhold    wikipedia  Karl H. Reinhold and    en.wikipedia/wiki/Giuseppe_Pitr%C %A    wikipedia  Giuseppe Pitrè .  Albanian music and dance.     en.wikipedia/wiki/Music_of_Albania    wikipedia  Music of Albania   Wikipedia I’m looking forward to the wedding party of my cousin in September so that I can sing again those beautiful songs we sing all together in my family each time in such occasions. Something worth to note is that a particular genre of Albanian polyphonic music    en.wikipedia/wiki/Albanian_iso polyphony    wikipedia  Albanian iso polyphony   Wikipedia is is included in UNESCO's    en.wikipedia/wiki/UNESCO_Intangible_Cultural_Heritage_Lists    wikipedia  intangible cultural heritage list. What I would very much like to go and see is the    en.wikipedia/wiki/Gjirokast%C %ABr_National_Folklore_Festival    wikipedia  Gjirokastër National Folklore Festival   Wikipedia  Culture is also about dressing  so have a look below on traditional dress of Albanians which vary from region to region.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    d d  7 7 da a  dbfd7be  f.webp   Besa.  You may have already heard about Albanian Besa which is a way of behaving inside society. I would say it is more a world view. If not  here you can find more about it    en.wikipedia/wiki/Besa_(Albanian_culture)    wikipedia  Besa (Albanian culture)   Wikipedia  Finally  I think that culture in general is something that breathes  it is alive just like the human beings that identify with it. Culture keeps changing and evolving and in this sense my post is intended to capture only a picture of Albanian old culture.  Nowadays  many Albanians identify more with European culture and values but what shaped them culturally is exactly what this posts indicates.  There is a lot more about Albanian culture that a Quora post can’t contain. For now  I hope that this post helped on expanding your culture : )  EDIT.  Culture and intercultural exchange are topics which I like to write about. I also wrote about cultural similarities between Greece and Albania here:    /How culturally similar are Greece and Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj?share=b    7;srid=n bS  Alket Cecaj's answer to How culturally similar are Greece and Albania?
   Read this post on Medium :    medium@mattcondon/getting up to speed on ethereum   ed 8  bbe    medium   Getting Up to Speed on Ethereum – Matt Condon – Medium  It will guide you step by step on the understanding of Ethereum and the related ecosystem. It works better if you are already a software engineer.
   Judging from the followers of the topic    /topic/Albania  Albania there are about  .  k people following such a topic. If only % (why  ? that’s  –   Pareto law) of them is Albanian then we have about  .  k Albanians on Quora.  And of course count me in.
   After the    en.wikipedia/wiki/   7_Western_Balkans_Summit _Trieste    wikipedia      Western Balkans Summit  Trieste   Wikipedia where Albania and Serbia agreed to commit more on regional cooperation and integration of common Balkan market the strategy of EU is now clear.  Bruxelles wants Serbia and Albania to find a way to cooperate and solve their problems (under EU supervision) before joining the EU.  So the chances of Albania joining the EU before Serbia are the same as the chances Serbia has to join EU before Albania.  If I would say it in another way  Albanian hopes to join EU will pretty much depend on Serbia in the same way as Serbia’s chances will depend from the Albanians. Once they will cooperate and solve their problems they will join EU in the same time all together with the other countries of the western Balkans.
   No.  I don’t think Greece has the power (nor the will i believe) to do it. Don’t let yourself fall from the hot declarations of some Greek politicians. And then for what? For some stones at the main square ? Kotzias please  don’t make me laugh!  Politics rhetoric is one thing while geo politics strategy is another.  In this direction  Greek strategy towards Albania will soon change drastically. It seems that Greece finally understood that Serbia is too distant geographically and culturally. With Albania instead  there are more things in common than one would think. Multimillion Greek investments in Albania   half a million Albanian economic emigrants in Greece  cultural affinity etc..  There seem to be also an affinity between the two prime ministers as I guess from the pic below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b  d  ac ced  a   78f        .webp   Also Greece promised to be at the Albanian side for what concerns the Albanian accession to the European Union.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e   d bb a 7   7c 7c fac  ac d.webp   So what remains is the hope that Greeks will behave as Europeans and not as Balkan people.
   Greece is a nice country to live in as food and sea are marvelous.  No matter the financial and economic crisis  Greece remains a much better country then any other country of the Balkan peninsula.  However from a social point of view I find Albanias to be discriminated in Greece for the simple fact of being Albanians thus not Greek.  Here I wrote about this argument    /In what ways are Albanians in Greece mistreated/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to In what ways are Albanians in Greece mistreated?  Unfortunately Greek society has much more to learn from western societies when it comes to culture and mindset on integration of economic emigrants. Integration is one thing  forced assimilation is another thing.
   If you mean living standards  Greece is a nice country to live in. Food is delicious and the sea is marvelous.  Even after the financial and economic crisis  Greece remain a much better country then the majority of the Balkan countries.
   After joining NATO  Albania will certainly join EU. It is now just a matter of time. So the real question here is not if but when.  After the    en.wikipedia/wiki/   7_Western_Balkans_Summit _Trieste    wikipedia      Western Balkans Summit  Trieste   Wikipedia the six western Balkan countries (Albania  Bosnia  Kosovo  Montenegro FYROM and Serbia) agreed to commit more on regional cooperation and integration of common Balkan market  improving infrastructure and energy services etc..  On the other hand Italy  Germany  Austria and Croatia gave promise in making some  million euro new investments in the next years in the western Balkans.  This makes me think that Bruxelles wants those countries to join EU all together in the same time.  So if this is the strategy EU is following  then the chances of Albania joining the EU will pretty much depend on Serbia in the same way as Serbia’s chances will depend from the Albanian will. This can be said for every couple of countries or permutation of groups inside the main set.  I think EU strategy is to make those counties cooperate (under EU and US pressure) and find a solution for every problem they have between each other before joining the EU. Other possible problems those countries way have with their neighbours also will need to be solved as for example here    /Will Greece ruin Albania’s EU ambitions in a row over rocks/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Will Greece ruin Albania’s EU ambitions in a row over rocks?  This has already happened in    when ten countries of eastern Europe(Slovenia  Slovakia  Poland  Czech republic  Hungary  Estonia  Latvia  Lithuania   Malta and Cyprus) joined EU. Many of these countries that joined EU at that time had problems between them but they managed to solve the problems successfully.  Now let’s hope that history will keep repeating and hopefully once again with positive results.
    Albanian muslims eat pork.  But as a data science professional I like to talk about data and data stories . So here are some data on pork meat consumption in Albania in the last    years. The data are given in kilograms of pork meat per capita annually.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d c 78a e fc bcce e8bffca  ca   .webp   As the living standards in Albania are improving year after year so does pork meat traders profits  and thus pork meat per capita consumption. In fact it goes from     kg in      to above    kg in  7.  Comparing this data with the consumption of pork meat in another muslim country which is Bosnia and Herzegovina an alarming trend emerges. While Albanians (in orange) increase their massacres of pigs  Bosnians(in dark grey) seem to forgive them from death penalty more often.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   d  d c b   cb    c   aaa b.webp   But then what kind of muslims are those Albanians? I don’t know but my suspicion is that they are not the kind of muslims you’d expect.  I wrote more about it here    /How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society?
    To straightforward answer your question  you don’t need to carry considerable amounts of money while traveling Albania.  There you will find in every large and small city an ATM for the international circuit such as Mastercard or Visa so that you can withdrawal only the amount actually needed for the occasion. You can travel by bus and pay about   euros per   km.  Here my post about traveling from city to city in Albania :    /On a trip to Albania I noticed that every few miles there was a guy standing looking at the road Too many to be a coincidence What are they doing/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to On a trip to Albania I noticed that every few miles there was a guy standing  looking at the road. Too many to be a coincidence. What are they doing?  And then you can book a B;B for    euro per night or have a good meal for under    euro.  So all in all you’ll need only relatively small amounts of money.  Here is the exchange from dollar to local currency    xecurrencyconverter/convert/?From=USD;To=ALL    xe   Convert USD/ALL. United States Dollar to Albania Lek and euro    xecurrencyconverter/convert/?Amount= ;From=EUR;To=ALL    xe   Convert EUR/ALL. Euro Member Countries to Albania Lek  Albania is safe enough for tourists but however being cautious is never enough so better travel in a groups.  My favorite city in Albania ? Berat of course. Here I wrote about it :    /What is the coziest town in Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is the coziest town in Albania?
    There is a series of free books on data analysis with R  called  “Little Book of R for..  /i .  In particular the books you may want to read are :     little book of r for multivariate analysis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/    readthedocs.io  Welcome to a Little Book of R for Multivariate Analysis! and     a little book of r for time series.readthedocs.io/en/latest/    readthedocs.io  Welcome to a Little Book of R for Time Series! . This last one has a dedicated chapter on ARIMA models.  I hope this helps.
    Effective?  I guess that by effective you mean “How good Quora blogs are in spreading information ?   To be honest  I don’t know very well how effective Quora blogs are. I simply enjoy to write my blogs on Quora now and then about different arguments.  But as an educated guess  I can say that more you write (and more you are good at it) and more people will tend to visit your blog and share your articles.  Being a data scientist I write now and then articles on the following blog about    algo data.quora   Algorithms and Data Fusion while    expatriatememories.quora   Expatriate memories is about thoughts and experience I had by living in different countries. All in all there are about   followers and some thousand views per month. Not so effective as you could expect but that is not so important for me.  To sum it up  my final thought is that more people tend to use Quora as an Q;A platform and higher is the probability of Quora blogs being effective also in the way you mean it to be.
    I prefer to use this little book about time series analysis.    a little book of r for time series.readthedocs.io/en/latest/    readthedocs.io  Welcome to a Little Book of R for Time Series!  You can also download it in pdf in the following link for free    media.readthedocs/pdf/a little book of r for time series/latest/a little book of r for time series.pdf    readthedocs  media.readthedocs/pd...  I think that the most important contribution of the book is the good number of examples on how to use the R packages on time series analysis which can be all consulted here    cran.r project/web/views/TimeSeries.html    r project  CRAN Task View: Time Series Analysis  As for some good books on using R for different topics there is my answer here :    /What is a good book on learning R with examples/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is a good book on learning R with examples?
    If there is much to see and do in Albania ?  Being Albanian I’m afraid that my opinion would be a little biased.  So I recommend you to read the article written by Alastair Campbell the Tony Blair’s spokesman. Here you find it :    alastaircampbell/blog/   7/ 7/  /if you havent booked a holiday yet you should try albania promise/    alastaircampbell  If you haven’t booked a holiday yet  you should try Albania. Promise  The Guardian also couldn’t miss to list Albania in the its travel category    www.theguardiantravel/   /aug/ /east european road trip albania tombs via egnatia    theguardian   The great Eastern European road trip  part two: road trip across Albania  Then  for having a more panoramic view of how Albania looks try the answer in    /What are some of the most amazing places to visit in Europe/answer/Lation Hyka  Lation Hyka's answer to What are some of the most amazing places to visit in Europe?
   Probably.  If only the Albanian government had more money and could finance more archaeological excavations.  The problem is that such activities are (in many cases) a wastage of time and money. Even countries such as Turkey or Greece which have more financial resources to spend than Albania usually give in “ousourcing  such excavations to the French or the British.  Moreover  there is no evidence Illyrians had an alphabet or ever wrote in any language so the cultural heritage would be limited.  Worth to note are the writings of the Lepenice Cave near Vlore city also called the “Written Cave  of Lepenica . The writings are thought to be dated at the end of   millennium BC.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d  aa dc fe    a   cb7c 7edb.webp   An interesting paper to read about this is the following  “The Particularity of Prehistoric Culture in Vlora Region (Albania)  of Aleks Trushaj and Ermal Sina.  However those writings do not represent any alphabet such as the phoenician one for example. They have other meanings (probably) that have to do with the way that primitive societies saw and understood the world and the universe more in general.  So the final thought is that by spending more in archaeological research we certainly will find more reliques and statues but the abstract and cultural value of what we find may be limited.
  One is too little and two are too much. It is a dilemma!
    His father was (reasonably) Albanian.  Standing to Wikipedia he was born in the western part of what is today FYROM. That part of FYROM was at that time densely populated from Albanians  much more that it is now.  Now of course turk historians do not like this theory. They also like to say about Scanderbeg that he was not one of the greatest strategist but just a small bandit attacking the sultan army during the night.  Well let them say. The important thing is that Albanians survived the turk invasion and more importantly contributed in the Ottoman empire with many Veizirs (   en.wikipedia/wiki/K%C %B pr%C %BCl%C %BC_family    wikipedia  Köprülü family   Wikipedia ) and generals such as Scanderbeg himself.
     Let’s say you want to install the R package “ggplot   in order to visualize your data as barcharts or histograms.  In this case you simply write in Rstudio console  install.packages(“ggplot  ) . I took as an example ggplot  but this is something you do for every package. For using the the functions of the package you simply write  library(ggplot )  /i and start making stunning charts .
    Thanks for A A.  Yes  when you visit another country  you tend to notice a certain amount of strange things.  In particular Albania  with her communist era bunkers and monuments should seem even more strange to the western visitor. There are  years of isolation that have created almost a unique ecosystem of strange things. Moreover    years of transition have created even more funny situations such as bunkers used as houses or transformed in business activities as below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     d c         c8 a  b  .webp   Now going back to your question  the guys you saw every few miles are just people from the rural areas along the main road. When they need to go in the capital or in the principal cities such as Durres  Vlore or Fier they simply wait for the inter urban bus to take them in those cities.  There is no standard bus stop so the buses simply stop to pick them up in a random way.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b  f     e87dde8a edd aedd  f .webp   So nothing special just a country which has it’s own customs and traditions. In english to sum up the situation I would say  “when in Rome do as the Romans do
    Quora already answered this question but a more straightforward answer is this link    /bookmarked_answers  www.quorabookmarked...  It should take you to your bookmarked answers.
      I love Knitr    yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr   Yihui Xie | 谢益辉 So far is the best way that I know for making nice reports. Second choice    shiny.rstudio     rstudio   Shiny
      I have been trying coursera and it has some pretty good courses on programming in R. If you dont need a certificate then you can learn to program there for free.  They also give you some free books you can download from LeanPub. One of the best books you find there is the following    leanpubrprogramming    leanpub   R Programming for Data… by Roger D. Peng [PDF/iPad/Kindle] in which you learn R for data science. You can set the price yourself starting from zero $.  Another interesting book you can download from there is “Developing Data Products in R   and this should be the link :    leanpubddp    leanpub   Developing Data Products… by Brian Caffo et al. [PDF/iPad/Kindle]  And of course the related code projects are on Github. As for some relevant books on using R for different topics you can see my answer here :    /What is a good book on learning R with examples/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is a good book on learning R with examples?
   The one I’ve been using and works fairy well is Rserve package.  I have been using it to run R code by executing Java code in Eclipse IDE. For example for visualizing data.  Here is the documentation    www.rforge.net/Rserve/doc.html    rforge.net  Rserve   Binary R server   RForge.net . Once that you install Rserve you have to run Rserve on Rstudio. This works as a kind of server. Now you are able to run R code from inside Java code directly from the Java IDE you are using.  Here are some code examples :    www.rforge.net/Rserve/example.html    rforge.net  Rserve   Binary R server   RForge.net  There should be other packages  as suggested in the existing answers  which do the same thing but by using Rserve seems more straight forward to me.
      In Python you can use plotly for making    plot.ly/python/heatmaps/    plot.ly  Heatmaps but I dont have any great experience with that.  When I want to make a heat map of location data  I usually use Google Maps instead.  Here you find the documentation about heatmaps :    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/layer heatmap    google   Heatmaps ; | ; Google Maps JavaScript API   |  Google Developers  The result looks like this    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e7a f  d e d e  ae7f8dac c  cc.webp   You need some basic knowledge in Javascript but the whole process is fairy easy.
      Try to eat more bread and white beans. If that doesn’t work  try to be yourself. Fear comes from your insecurity and lack of self confidence.  I’ll tell you a secret. There are many girls that will not like your true self. That’s ok.  Then suddenly you will find the one that will like your crooked teeth and your low tone voice. That’s the girl you were looking for.
    There would be no winners in such a war. Only losers.
     After the    /profile/Dimitris Almyrantis  Dimitris Almyrantis good answer    /Would Albania exist if not for the Ottomans/answer/Dimitris Almyrantis  Dimitris Almyrantis' answer to Would Albania exist if not for the Ottomans? I want to somehow reverse the question  i.e. “Would the Ottoman empire have been the same if not for Albanians ?    An interesting paper about this argument is the following “The Role of Albanian Personalities in the Ottoman Empire  of Rudina Mita.  Now if you consider the many many Albanians serving “The Padishah  as generals and above all Grand Viziers the answer is no. Here is the list of them in wikipedia    en.wikipedia/wiki/List_of_Ottoman_Grand_Viziers    wikipedia  List of Ottoman Grand Viziers   Wikipedia  Out of     of such powerful administrators of the Ottoman empire (lasting for about six centuries )   of them were Albanians. This not to mention the different generals such as Skanderbeg himself.
      It was not! Or maybe it was.  I support the second theory. Here is why.  No body knows for sure right ? What is certain though is the fact that Enver Hoxha went against some of the most powerful leaders and cruel dictactors of that time.  After the break up with the mighty Josip Broz Tito of Yougoslavia  the only powerful friend Hoxha had was Stalin.  For a nice post about Tito Stalin relationship see here :    /What is the coolest line in history/answer/Shivraj Dixit  Shivraj Dixit's answer to What is the coolest line in history?  But Stalin died on March of    . Enver Hoxha thought Nikita Khrushchev would continue the Stalin’s path but he was wrong. Khrushchev opted instead for    en.wikipedia/wiki/De Stalinization    wikipedia  De Stalinization   Wikipedia of the USSR and Hoxha accused him of being a traitor of the communist ideology and he did this in Moscow in front of many other communist leaders.   Here the representation of what happened during the meeting pained from an Albanian painter.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ff   d e b dc f  fea c  f fc  .webp   So after breaking with USSR and having as enemies Yougoslavia north east and Greece south east  Hoxha tied relations with communist China of Mao.  After some years of collaboration between the two countries  Mao died (but not before meeting Nixon) and Deng Xiaoping started riforming the communist line of the Chinese Communist Party. Once again Hoxha had to accuse one of the most powerful communist leaders of that time of being a traitor and once again Hoxha remained alone.  Probably there was only one friend still remaining in the world and that was Fidel Kastro’s Cuba but that was too far and too irrelevant.  Finally  having so many powerful enemies surrounding his garden and such a few friends on the other side of the globe  for every normal person let aside Enver Hoxha (which was a dictator himself) a little bit of paranoia was not that unjustified. Not to talk here about internal enemies he created as in this post :    /How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society?  His paranoia maybe was too much so as to build       concrete bunkers as the one you see below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   ec  7  d      d     c     .webp
      Not too bad if you were not a dissident of the communist regime or had not parental relations to people that had such problems regarding the ideology of Labor Party of Albania.  If you had the bad luck to fall in this category of people you would be banned for life from accessing universities or important positions in public offices.  The People’s Social Republic of Albania   below the emblem of republic     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg abd a 77b7   cb ff     d 7 c  .webp   had decent standards of life of which I wrote here:    /What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania?  Something worth to mention is the fact that it was forbidden to travel abroad if you were not a very trusted person of the regime.  Also forbidden by law was practising any kind of religion.  Beside that  nothing special pretty much the same as any communist country of the Eastern bloc.
    For making an infographic resume I would use    infogram    infogram   Create Infographics  Charts and Maps   Infogram .  It is simple to use  you can load data in csv to make graphics  after you finish you can share the infographics with your friends or colleagues and the free version gives you many features.
   Yes there are. Mainly footballers and coaches.  For example there is Ivan Gvozdenoviç  which played with FK Kukës or Raçiç which played with Partizan  not the Belgrade one but the Tirana one. It is a couple of years I’m not following those teams and don't know if those players are still playing in Albania.  There is also a serb coach  Mlladen Milinkoviç which is now coaching the Valona team of Flamurtari.  Beside that there are many students from Serbia studying at Tirana university and numerous other Serbs living in Albania for business or other purposes. Despite all the isolation an war in Kosovo Albanians and Serbs have found ways to collaborate in particular in trade where the exchange of goods is in favor of Serbia.
      To the nice answer in    /How is life expectancy higher in Albania than Serbia/answer/Ilija Andrevski  Ilija Andrevski's answer to How is life expectancy higher in Albania than Serbia? I want to add that there is also a main difference between Albania and Serbia that could explain the difference on life expectancy .  Albania has a long coast line from Adriatic to Ionian sea while Serbia is a landlocked country. This implies another main difference between the two countries. That’s diet. Albania has a mediterranean diet where olive oil and sea food are main ingredients.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Mediterranean_diet    wikipedia  Mediterranean diet   Wikipedia    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     f  acafbe7dab  ed   d     .webp   Serbia instead  tend to have a more continental diet with meat and cheese.  This difference in nourishing patterns conditions the patterns of pathologies that appear in a population. In particular Mediterranean diet is known for its beneficial properties. As of wikipedia  a study based on meta analysis (that is a statistical analysis that combines the results of multiple scientific studies) dated    found that strictly following the Mediterranean diet reduced the risk of dying from cancer by  % . While this may seem an insignificant number it has shown te be a determinant in cancer cases frequency in a population.  After all we are what we eat.   There are of course other factors such as pollution  smoking and drinking habits that influence this gap on life expectancy between the two countries. I don't have any information on depleted uranium used to bomb Serbia but I can’t exclude that.
      Beside the well informed answer of    /profile/Christopher Raynor  Christopher Raynor in    /What are some mind blowing facts about Albania/answer/Christopher Raynor  Christopher Raynor's answer to What are some mind blowing facts about Albania? here are some interesting facts about Albania that somehow complement his answer.   Albania has the youngest demographics in Europe. In particular    % of Albanians has an age between      year olds. Here the source :    www.theguardianworld/datablog/    /aug/  /the countries with the youngest populations from albania to antarctica    theguardian   The places in the world with the most young people  from Albania to Antarctica . There is also a median age of   years old. This is due to communism politics and of the mainly rural population of the past.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ed e  b    f  b 8a7a   b d.webp    The Albanian demographics counts about    million people. Of that number    % i.e.  million Albanians live abroad  mainly in Greece  Italy  US  UK and Germany.     Life expectancy in Albania is 77. years (only six positions from US where such number is  .  years) outperforming many countries such as Slovakia  Romania  Bulgaria Sebia  UAE and Turkey.    en.wikipedia/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy    wikipedia  List of countries by life expectancy   Wikipedia    Albanian language is the only representative of its group (just like Greek or Armenean language) and occupies an independent branch of Indo European language tree.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a  e cb  b  dc     f f  f    c.webp   I wrote here about archeological research and prehistoric life evidence in Albania :    /If Albania was a more developed country could we find more about Illyrians or will their history forever be unknown/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to If Albania was a more developed country  could we find more about Illyrians or will their history forever be unknown?    Despite its size  for many years in the past Albania was the third country in the world for the production of chromium.    When you cross Albanian borders you find other Albanians. This is due to the opportunistic decision of Great Powers that right before WWI  which in order to please other countries such as Serbia and Greece awarded them large parts of Albanian territories. Read here for more info about countries where Albanians live :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Albanians    wikipedia  Albanians   Wikipedia  There are many more interesting facts about Albania and the writer of this post plans to keep it updated.
   Albania is doing better and better with its economy if this is what you mean.  But I somehow answered this question here    /Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse And in what ways/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse? And in what ways?  If you want to know how was it during the years of communism then please read this :    /What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania?  About religion in Albania you can read here :    /How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society  How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society? and here    /How did Albania become a Muslim country/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How did Albania become a Muslim country? .  The spirituality of Albanian society has been explored here :    /Is spirituality not religion important to Albanians/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is spirituality (not religion) important to Albanians?  About tourism in Albania and Albanian food please read here :     /What is it like to visit Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is it like to visit Albania? or    /What time of year is it best to visit Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What time of year is it best to visit Albania? and food in Albania     /What is the best food to try when visiting Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is the best food to try when visiting Albania?  About Albanian politics and how the people see their politicians have a look here :    /What do Albanians think about Edi Rama  What do Albanians think about Edi Rama?
   Yes  it is.  The lack of a religious culture of which I wrote here :    /How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How successful was Enver Hoxha in curbing the influence of religion on Albanian society? has left space for superstitiousness in Albanian society .  So many times this importance Albanians give to spirituality translates into superstitious behavior such as this :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f ffaa  a   cae f   ea 7e  .webp   Yes  sheep horn and garlic. They “ help  in keeping away the  bad eye  /i : ) Standing to Albanian superstitiousness   bad eye is a kind of voluntary or involuntary way to wish bad things to somebody  so that somebody  will arm himself with garlic and horns in order to protect his house and family : )  In other cases  the Albanian society has an healthier way to show spirituality .  For example  The day of summer   which is the country's largest pagan festival. It is intended to celebrate the end of winter  the rebirth of nature  and a rejuvenation of spirit among the Albanians as of Wikipedia .  The festival is widely celebrated in central Albania  but also in south and in the main cities.  In    Summer Day became an official holiday in Albania.  On this day and even since March  many young people usually wear a traditional bracelet called verore (a word derived from summer) made of two thin braided strings usually red and white. It brings prosperity(white) and good health (red).    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     a7c  b e efeb   a 7 7 ac c.webp   Also in the region of Elbasan there is a traditional sweet called Ballakume.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d bc8e d e c  f a b8a dff be .webp   Finally  I think that  ballakume sweet is much better than garlic and horn in keeping away the bad eye ; )
   Look at the map below :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f d    b cf  c   e      d7   .webp   Here the source    telegraph.co.uk/travel/maps and graphics/most religious countries in the world/    telegraph.co.uk  Mapped: The world's most (and least) religious countries   the prestigious  The Telegraph.  Now look at the percentage of the Albanian people which consider themselves religious. It is only   %  about at the same level with Austria or Germany. Something worth to note is also the contrast with other neighboring countries such as Greece  Montenegro or FYROM where such percentage is above 7  %.  Judging from this map you can conclude that E.Hoxha was quite successful in lowering and almost nullifying the influence of religions in the Albanian society. You should know however  that for him  this was an easy task. May be you already know that Albanians have always been disaffected with religions and saw them only as means of survival.
   Pretty much like North Korea regarding isolation from the outside world and the cruel dictatorship.  Life standards were about the same as in the other communistic countries.  I wrote about it here :    /What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania?  I hope this explains part of your question.  And if you are curious how Albania is doing today politically and economically have a look here :    /Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse And in what ways/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse? And in what ways? while for curious facts about Albania there is the following feed :    /What are some mind blowing facts about Albania  What are some mind blowing facts about Albania?
   It has the scars of the communist regime such as bunkers and old monuments to the glory of antifascism war.  However  Albania is changing with the speed of light. I wrote about it here :     /Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse And in what ways/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is Albania getting better as the years pass by or worse? And in what ways?  It should explain the largest part of your question.
      The Albanian cuisine is very similar to Turkish one so many dishes are almost the same as in Turkey or Greece.  However what makes Albanian food special is the presence of this :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a aafba7  a dd     ac  e7af  .webp   Corn  yes.  If you are in Albania in late June or July and if you like street food  try grilled corn. Almost in every corner there is a guy selling grilled corn and when you buy it  the corn is still hot and smells of fire and smoke.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     b   7eaf db b ae     7  e.webp   Delicious!
    I agree with previous answers.  Spring time is the best time to visit Albania.  In particular May is the best month. You will almost always find a wonderful weather in Albania in May and most importantly  you will avoid the madness of all the tourists and Albanians coming from abroad to spent summer in Albania which happens during July and August.
   Good question.  Like other countries in the western Balkans  Albania is moving toward EU membership and is improving economically and politically speaking. There are however problems that persist such as corruption and  left behind infrastructure  Let’s se how Albania is getting better.  Politically stable  Albania is implementing important reforms such as the one already voted by the parliament on the reform of the troubled justice system. The next one is going to be public services sector and local offices administration.  Only time will tell how profound these reforms will be and how strong is the political will behind such reforms. However  I believe that under the supervision of EU and US officials  sent in Albania for this purpose  such reforms will be implemented in a rigorous way. Or Albania will stay out of the European union  something no body wants to happen.  Economically  the data from IndexMundi  WorldBank and CIA word fact show that the Albanian GDP is growing steadily in the last   –  years.  Albanian GDP growth during     –     (source IndexMundi)    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  7cc  dfe f ed a   c  a f7  .webp   This is due mainly to foreign investment  to the remittances from abroad (more than one million of Albanians living in Greece  Italy  US and Germany which continuously send money to their families in Albania) and the investments the Albanian state and governments have done in infrastructure.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    a7c    b8b  eb    bacade b7a.webp   NATO membership greatly helped to rebuild the Albanian army which before such adhesion was almost non existent.  Old Mig   of Albanian Army probably a gift of daddy Stalin in the  ′.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  87b  c 7be    c7ddf  dc a.webp   Tourism sector of which I wrote here :    /Is there much to see and do in Albania/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is there much to see and do in Albania? revealed to be one of the most dynamic sectors of Albanian economy  literally booming in the last  years with double digit growth despite strong competitors such as Montenegro in the north and Greece in the south.  In particular south Albania with its seaside as below    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  8c  abdb  febb f  afb 7e87.webp   And the mighty Albanian Alps in the north :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    db   fd    f  b 7be  f8da  .webp   History has left many beautiful traces in Albania in terms of art and cultural inheritance like the Butrini temple :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  da f  e   c  7fc  ff a ef a .webp   and Berat old city and castle (both UNESCO protected sites):    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b a 8b ff c f  a  b c e  7.webp   I wrote more about Berat here :    /What are some impressive examples of Ottoman architecture in Balkans/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some impressive examples of Ottoman architecture in Balkans?  An interesting article about tourism experience in Albania is the following from Alastair Campbell    alastaircampbell/blog/   7/ 7/  /if you havent booked a holiday yet you should try albania promise/    alastaircampbell  If you haven’t booked a holiday yet  you should try Albania. Promise former Tonny Blair’s spokesman and director of communications of Labour Party UK.  These are all ways in which Albania is doing better and better.  But there are however ways in which Albania is not doing better. The public health service is much worse than it was    years ago in terms of hygiene and other services. And you have to pay a considerable amount of money each time you need a simple check up analysis  in either to tip /“bribe  the public medical service or go to private hospitals which are even more expensive for Albanians. How this thing will change ? Nobody nows yet.
     That is a possibility or maybe it is already happening.  For example there are the also called “smart contracts  that run on the Ethereum blockchain. Once that you send some ETH coins to these contracts there is nothing that will move those coins from there. Only the smart contracts will decide based on how they are programmed to move the coins.  Now. the programming of a smart contract may be a simple serie of instructions but it may also be a more complex algorithm for example an algorithm of machine learning that based on data learns to be autonomous in managing transactions.  So yes theoretically they can be perfectly combined at least for the Ethereum blockchain.
    Statistical modeling is about applying statistics on data to find the underlying relationships by analyzing the significance of the variables. It is the formalization of relationships between the variables in the form of mathematical equations.  As it is only a model it predicts the output with accuracy of  percent and having    percent confidence about it. For this purpose  various diagnostics of parameters can be performed  like p value for example.  The model will need a   percent      percent split of data in order to create training and testing data so that it will be developed on training data and tested on testing data.
    Easy ? How easy ? Easy like eating a piece of cake ? Sorry to inform you that mastering inferential statistics will not be easy. A book you can start with is “Statistics for Machine Learning  that you find here.    www.packtpubmapt/book/all_books/ 7 78  7 8/     packtpub   www.packtpubmapt/bo...  I just finished reading it and I enjoyed very much this read. Not only I reordered my existing knowledge in statistics but I also found useful ready to use code in R and Python.
    Thanks for A A.  Since the question does not specify if it is about computer scientists that are still alice or not I will bring here my favorites.  Probably the best of them was that brillian mind of Alan Turing . Is the “Turing Machine  which gave the foundations for today computing machines we use for writing on Quora. His contribution was essential in solving the Enigma code nazis used for coding their radio comunications during WWII.  In the same time more or less there was also Akira Nakajima  and Claude Shannon  wich contributed further on  switching circuits theory at the basis of our transistor based computers.  Another great scientist was John von Neumann  also called the father of modern computer’s architecture.  From the  ′ to our days there were many other scientist that I cant recall or I dont even know about.  However regarding the last years I can mention Edsger W Dijstra  Andrew Ng  Luca Trevisan  Gary Miller  and many others.
    Thanks for A A.  ML is an expanding field as automation will more and more be part of our everyday life.  It has already been used in Wall Street for making high frequency trading algorithms and also short term forcast. So far so good and ML is at the core of many fintech startups one for all [math]LendingClub[/math]. So ML is already a prooven and valid candidate tool for a fintech company to grow and thrive.  However  I believe that there is another emmerging technology that will dominate the banking and payments sector. That is the blockchain technology. It is not the bitcoin or ethereum coin and the massive capitals invested on buying those coins or the value of the market which amounts now over   billion $.  It is the concept behing the blockchain system that has an immense potential of innovation  in particular for the financial sector but also in many other sectors of economy  that intrigues me a lot. Here is my answer on possible applications of blockchain    /What are real world applications for blockchain technology How can it change our daily lives For example how can it change the way I’m buying things/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are real world applications for blockchain technology? How can it change our daily lives? For example  how can it change the way I’m buying things?  And here I wrote on the very recent accademic research on blockchain technology:    /Is there any academic research on Blockchain/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is there any academic research on Blockchain?  Finally  I wonder what will bring the intersection of ML applications and Blockchain applications once that those two will be ready to join. But I guess there are already the also called “smart contracts  that (not sure how) should make an integration of the two technologies.
    Data science requires interdisciplinary skills.  As a data scientist you should have a very good knowledge of statistics in particular of inferential statistics. You have to eat algorithms for breakfast  data mining for lunch and machine learning for dinner. That means that you know at least one programming language as R or Python not to mention SQL queries and NoSQL queries of key value pair databases such as MongoDB.  An OOP language such as Java can help you even more  especially when you want to use distributed computing and cloud.  At the end knowing quite well the data domain may be essential in order to deliver a non mediocre work. But knowing the data domain requires a cross functional knowledge and interdisciplinary skills and so on recursively.  It is in this combination of skills and trasversal knowledge that stands the magic of data science.  So for me there is only one type of good data scientist. That is the one which better integrates in his mind and hands all the knowledge and skills I mentioned above. Depending on the combination of those skills you have a good data scientist. Or just a programmer. Or just a statistician.
      I always thank them and publish their edits.  Thanks to them  I have improved my English vocabulary.  Also thanks to them  many people can read my answers and understand better what I want to say.  Last edit I got was from    /profile/Toni Vaio  Toni Vaio   on my answer    /Was Skanderbeg Catholic or Orthodox/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Was Skanderbeg Catholic or Orthodox? . I had written roman instead of novel : (  As a last thing  Quora (and people editing your questions) help you also in distinguishing between genres of literature. Good to know : )
    He was Albanian!  As others correctly wrote Skanderbeg was great in using religion and religious affiliation for building diplomatic ties and alliances with other states. He also knew at least three languages (albanian  latin and ottoman ) which helped him in this direction.  This fact together with being Albanian  is already known Albanian disaffection for religions of any kind   gave him a perfect instinct for survival and adaptation in a hostile environment as the Balkans of  th century.  A good read about Skanderbeg is the homonymous novel of Sabri Godo you can find here :    www.goodreadsbook/show/        sk nderbeu    goodreads   Skënderbeu
   There is    gdeltproject/    gdeltproject  The GDELT Project : Global Database of Events Language and Tone. They register conflicts as well through online news. I guess from there you can also have the number of deaths and other things.  You can download the dataset which cointains events that happened in the last   years here    gdeltproject/data.html    gdeltproject  Querying  Analyzing and Downloading  Also Guardian wrote about it :    www.theguardiannews/datablog/    /apr/  /gdelt global database events location    theguardian   GDELT: a big data history of life  the universe and everything
    Banks have certainly a lot of data.  There are so many transactions that happen every hour in the world as we make purchases online and offline using our credit cards or prepaid cards. And every hour there is an enormous number of people that transfer money or make withdrawals in physical ATMs. This generates a huge amount of data and banks are already working to exploit those data to automate their internal processes.  But I belive the companies that have even more data than banks  are the mobile phone / mobile carrier companies . One for all Vodafone. Just think of the amount of data that we generate everytime we make or receive calls or sms es. Not to talk about the internet connection we use each time and the different apps that keep updating every day. Each of us carries a smart mobile device in his pocket that continously generates data.  So these companies are the kings among all the data owners. Above them probably there is only Google or Facebook.
        en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Pippi_Longstocking    wikipedia  Th is is my favorite    en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Pippi_Longstocking    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...
    Here it is how :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/kDNihsx8j8k?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= kDNihsx8j8k  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/kDNihsx8j8k/ .jpg');   /div  Follow the video. It is a straight forward procedure if you already know how maven works. And yes you have to create a maven project in order to manage your dependencies automatically.
    The video below is one of the most useful I know:  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/Mr mPu tLhk?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= Mr mPu tLhk  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/Mr mPu tLhk/ .jpg');   /div  And for Java EE I recommend the following :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/pt uB sd kY?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= pt uB sd kY  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/pt uB sd kY/ .jpg');   /div  Enjoy : )
    Yes it is.  It is particularly interesting for visualizing ring structured data such as location data that you may have mainly in the suburbs of a city.  Here you go with some useful comparision between the various clustering methods to see how it differes from other clustering methods.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   ff aa    787b   7b e    c f.webp   You can also find an implementation of DBSCAN in Java by using the Apache Commons Math package you find here :    commons.apache/proper/commons math/index.html    apache  Commons Math: The Apache Commons Mathematics Library
    You will have the answer in the next       years.  But as this is a long time to wait let’s reason about it and find some clues that will lead us to logic conclusions.  The six countries of western Balkans are Albania  Bosnia  Kosovo FYR Macedonia  Montenegro and Serbia. Let’s make a classification of those countries based on two main attributes : economic growth and politics.  Montenegro  has a stable govenment and a good economy. More importantly  this country has no open problems with neighbouring countries so nobody will hamper EU adesion ambitions. Small country size and recent NATO membership is a plus. So we may conclude with a small margin of error that Montenegro is one of the best candidates.  Second best candidate is Albania  . Politically stable and an economy that is doing every year better and better  Albania is in pole position among the six. With a GDP growth of  .  % per year  this country is probably a valid candidate to join EU. NATO membership and recently reform on justice will certainly help the country to obtain the much desired begining of talks for adesion. Also Albania has actuated and supported a politics of stability in the region and this is certainly a plus for the country report card. All this should grant the country accession talks for EU membership later this year.  Bosnia : an economic growth of  .  % is not the best number the country could get. But are the ethnic problems the country has inside it that make the position of Bosnia difficoult to join anytime soon. With Republica Serpska ambitions for indipendence and the actual administration of the country it will be hard to make optimistic predistions.  Kosovo  is the new born and this word has many things to say about it. A weak economy will not help. Also problems with Serbia and territorial claims with Montenegro remain.  FYR Macedonia  is just out of the worse political crisis it had in the last   years. This crisis impacted also the economy and the GDP went down of  .  % in     . However FYROM has a dynamic economy and has implemented reforms worth of respect in the last years. The only problem is the name dispute with Greece and it is a big dispute. If the FYROM officials will have the intelligence to solve this problem as well as other problems with Bulgaria it will gain a number of positions in the rankings. The problem of recognising Albanian substantial minorty (currently   –   % of the population) as a state forming entity has to be solved as well.  Serbia  is doing very well with economic growth  .7  % and the projections are even better. However the many many problems Serbia has with the neighbours in particular with those that are already EU members such as Croatia will slow down Serbian ambitions for joining EU. Also internal political problems such as nationalists pushing for major allignment with Russian politics will make difficoult the Vucic and Brnabic job.  So my forcast for this question is Montenegro and Albania in the next seven years. Third place FYROM if it will solve the naming problem with Greece.  EDIT: After the Trieste Summit it seems to appear a new alternative for the western Balkan countries. I wrote more about it here :    /What are the chances of Albania entering the EU/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are the chances of Albania entering the EU?
    Greece has a good relationship with arab countries and is an advokate of Palestinians and of Kurds causes. As such (has all my respect) Greece cannot have a good relationship with Turkey but this is only one of the other   well known reasons.  As for Albania  an important thing to understand is that Albania is not a muslim country so please inform yourself better about that before asking non sense questions.  Once clarified this important point  I can say that relationships between the two countries have been normal in the last    years. Also the presence of half a million Albanian economic immigrants in Greece countinously contributes in building bridges between Greece and Albania. In particular in these years of endless economic crisis for Greece many Greek enterprises have come to invest in Albania reaching the first place among stronger investors such as Italy  Germany and Turkey.  As for politics Albania (and Montenegro) is the sole country in Balkans that has no open problems with neighbouring countries  Greece included. But if Greek foreign minister has something to say about Albania building the capital main square with stones coming from all the places where Albanians live in the Balkans…let him say. That’s politics and the minister has to justify his being in charge with strong declarations.  It is the economics which is important. Albanian economy is doing well and has a great potential of growth for the future. So as Greek investments multiply in Albania it is in Greece interest keep good relationships with its north western neighbour.
     Very good question  thanks for A A.  I live in Italy so I can tell about how OR is seen by Italian companies. As a PhD graduate in Innovation Engineering I have many colleagues working with OR problems of optimization in my department.  Some of their talk  is about how difficoult it is to convince Italian companies to participate in projects of optimization for their production lines or the logistics.  The main reason is old mentallity from business owners which dont belive in the ROI of investing a small amount for being more efficent. A left behind mind set that is keeping many Italian companies from expoiting their true potential.  The biggest part of the Italian companies are small   medium size and family run businesses. So if the granpa says he is not invesing money for some “OR white collar guy  that will tell him how to do his job the whole family will follow his decision. The granpa is the founder and still holds the largest part of the company so nobody can/will contradcit him. He has always done the production in the same way and he is not going to change now. The whole situation can be summarized with the following picture :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  7b f  f  df c  ed f e    8 .webp   However  that is chainging in the last years. Italian companies face fierce competition in the international arena in particular from Chinese  German and Japan companies. This leads them in investing more in technology and high tech know how.  Economic crysis at the end was a good thing for Italian companies becouse it filtered out the non competitive ones which happened to be exactly the ones that did not belive in technological improvement and innovation.
    There is this book :    www.packtpubmapt/book/big_data_and_business_intelligence/ 7 78  7 8/     packtpub   Statistics for Machine Learning  Inside you find an overview of the statistics behind the following machine learning models :  Classification problems   Logistics Regression  Lasso ; Ridge Regression  Decision Trees (Classification Trees)  Bagging Classifier  Random Forest Classifier  Boosting Classifier   (Adaboost  Gradient Boost ; Xgboost)  SVM Classifier  Recommendation Engine  Regression problems   Linear Regression (Lasso ; Ridge Regression)  Decision Trees (Regression Trees)  Bagging Regressor  Random Forest Regressor  Boosting Regressor   (Adaboost  Gradient Boost ; Xgboost)  SVM Regressor  This book provides also implementation of the previously mentioned models in R and Python.  But there is also a free choice you can consider :    statedu.ntu.edu.tw/bigdata/The%  Elements%  of%  Statistical%  Learning.pdf    ntu.edu.tw  statedu.ntu.edu.tw/bi...  Happy learning : )
   Here are the ones I know :   OpenNLP (   opennlp.apache/    apache  Apache OpenNLP ): An open source Apache project   Stanford NLP (   nlp.stanford.edu/software/    stanford.edu  The Stanford Natural Language Processing Group ) : Another open source library     UIMA (   uima.apache/    apache  Apache UIMA   Apache UIMA ): An Apache project supporting pipelines    LingPipe (   alias ilingpipe/    alias i   LingPipe Home ): A library that uses pipelines extensively    DL J (   deeplearning j/    deeplearning j  Open source  Distributed Deep Learning for the JVM ): The Deep Learning for Java library supports various classes for deep learning neural networks including support for NLP  Happy learning : )
    An interesting subtask in NLP is POS or parts of speech of the language. In this task you try to associate part of speach—such as nouns  adjectives  verbs—to words in a text  based on context and relationship to adjacent words.   Another important task in NLP is coreference resolution. It is about understanding references to multiple entities existing in the text and disambiguating that reference.  For example the sentence  “Obama told Joe Biden that he should consider running for president  is one of those phrases which contains coreferences (Joe Biden and he). This task is considered as a stepping stone in doing more complex tasks such as question answering and summarization     I also find quite useful the task of document summarization to automatically provide the most important points in the original document. This is particulary good for news summary.    Word sense disambiguation  for example the algorithm should distinguish between a mouse animal and a mouse input device as of picture below    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7 bfc  8eafdf7 f   d acd7f  e  e.webp   I also wrote a longer answer about NLP applications. Here you find it :    /What are the applications of text mining/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are the applications of text mining?  Happy learning : )
        /What are the applications of text mining/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are the applications of text mining? Here I wrote an answer.
    Thanks for A A   to be honest I dont remember many albanian proverbs after    years away from Albania.  And then the answers in this feed are written in a great way with many proverbs that I had already forgoten.  In particular Kalliri bosh e mban kokën lart  kalliri plot e mban kokën poshtë . ( An empty grain keeps it’s head up  a full grain keeps it’s head down /i ) which I copied (shamelessly)from Stiven’s answer : ) Sorry for that!  However  the proverbs I read in previous answers remind me of alternative ways to say the same proverbs.  For example   Fshati digjet  kurva krihet . ( Villages be burning  whores be combing /i ) reminds me of “Mua me digjet mjekra e ti do te ndezesh cigaren   which can be translated as  “My beard is burning and you want to light your cigarette with it   /i . This is something you say to people that dont care about your bad situation and all they want is to pursue their interests.  Also Gur  gur bëhet kalaja . ( Stone  stone makes a fort /i ) is the same as “Gur gur behet mur    (Stone after stone you make a wall)  /i which in Albanian makes a rhyme.  One that comes to my mind in the precise moment of writing is “Uthulla e forte thyen enen e vet   that is   “Strong vinegar will break its own bottle   /i for people that are so stubborn that in the long run will harm themselves with their stubbornness.  Another one is :  “Ai qe humbi lopen e kerkoi edhe ne xhep .  It means   “ /i   the one that lost his cow went to search it in his pockets   /i which stands to indicate a desperate situation in which you are looking even in the most improbable places in order to find what you’ve lost or what you want to reach.  Previous saying is the same as “I mbyturi kapet edhe pas flokeve te veta   which should be  “drowned man taks hold of his own hair   A very albanian proverb is also “Me mire te dali syri se nami  .  I can transalte it as  (better loose one eye that your good reputation)  “Ku di dhia c’eshte tagjia. Dhia eshte mesuar te haje ferra     /i   (goat will never appreciate good food as it only eats thorns)  /i which is what my mother used to say when I as a child refused to eat some raffinate food she cooked just for me.  A little off topic a Danish proverb “You can drag the horse to the water but you cannot make him drink  /b
    I had a tough time to understand Precision and Recall and I’ll tell you what hepled me understanding it.  It is the diagram you find on Wikipedia under the page “Precision and recall   which is perfect for understanding the concept behing the idea these terms express when used in pattern recognition.  It is the same diagram    /profile/Jason T Widjaja  Jason T Widjaja indicated in his answer    /What is the best way to understand the terms precision and recall/answer/Jason T Widjaja  Jason T Widjaja's answer to What is the best way to understand the terms  precision  and  recall ?
    Thanks for A A.  Ah it is a long time I haven’t been speaking in Greek and it is even longer I haven’t been in Greece. Thinking about that five year period of my life brings me a little nostalgy.  Back to the question  I can’t remember right now many Greek proverbs worth to be mentioned.  But I remember my employer in Greece  mr Aris  was an old man and old people are known for giving good advices since they can’t give bad examples. Those advices are many times given by adding a proverb in it. From the many advices (given as proverbs) he gave me  I can single out two of them . First one “I malakies plironontai   . It means “If you are the one to screw up you will be the one to pay . It seems a pretty selfexplanatory thing to say but many people dont get it . They expect other people to pay (for example their parents) or to be blamed when they do something wrong and more importantly they do not recognise their wrong did and not even responsability.  Since the first one is not really a proverb the second one is “Τα πολλά λόγια είναι φτώχια.   which means “too much talk is poverty  . Nothing is more true than that.  Why these two proverbs ? They represent two principles for me important which are responsability and work.
    You can perform OCR or (   en.wikipedia/wiki/Optical_character_recognition#Applications    wikipedia  Optical character recognition   Wikipedia ) by using Tess j (   tess j.sourceforge.net/    sourceforge.net  JNA wrapper for Tesseract ) It is a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.  The Javadoc for the API is found at    tess j.sourceforge.net/docs/docs  . /    sourceforge.net  Tess J API . They also have a tutorial on how to use this library in Eclipse    tess j.sourceforge.net/tutorial/    sourceforge.net  Development with Tess J
    My answer.  All Greeks run plates shops. Only that sometimes they go out of business (see financial crysis in Greece) and they don’t know what to do with all those plates. So they break them.  For a better answer instead read the    /profile/Nick Nicholas   Nick Nicholas answer here    /Why do Greeks break plates when dancing/answer/Nick Nicholas   Nick Nicholas' answer to Why do Greeks break plates when dancing?
     Here is my most upvoted answer    /What is a good book on learning R with examples/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is a good book on learning R with examples?  What I learned from it ?  That a lot of people is trying to learn R programming and looking desperately for R books : )  Second most upvoted is    /What are some little known facts from World War II that fascinate you/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some little known facts from World War II that fascinate you? probably because people love curiosities.  Third most upvoted :    /What does Elon Musk think of productivity drugs like Modafinil/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What does Elon Musk think of productivity drugs like Modafinil?  I learned also that people are in love with Elon Musk and smart drugs ; )
      As a data analyst I write most about data mining  machine learning and related algorithms.  A programming language I love is R and I often write about R programming.  And maybe this is the reason why my most upvoted answer is :    /What is a good book on learning R with examples/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is a good book on learning R with examples?
    Not really.  He is more considered a poor little Trump in Italy. A politician that just like Trump tries to exploit the fear and insecurity Italian people have about their future  in order to gain votes and seats in parliament.  Like his political father Umberto Bossi (convicted and recently condemned for being a thief with the money of his own party) Salvini is not much better and the future will show that “The apple does not fall far from the tree
      Ok I’ll go for short answer.  What is Bitcoin ?  It is a currency which is now is evaluated about     $.  How does it work ?  I works through the    en.wikipedia/wiki/Blockchain    wikipedia  Blockchain   Wikipedia  Is it leagal?  Yes it is legal.  Who is behind it?  Nobody and everybody. To understand this last point you have to read what a blockchain is.
      Positive  definitely.  I lived there about one year. As an exchange student following the Erasmus program and after finishing my studies  worked as a trainee in a Danish company for three months. I was studying at the VIA University College in Horsens Jutland and the company I worked for had offices in Horsens and Copenhagen as well.  I find people in Denmark to be quite polite and the experience at the university and the company was just great.  As something worth to mention I will bring the following experience.  I was attending a seminar in Copenhagen about enterpreneurship and I was sent there by the company I worked for. The seminar was in Danish of course and I couldn’t understand a word ! So I raised my hand and asked if they could do it in English instead. There were    people in the room attending it but nobody complained when the speaker switched slides and language in English. All that after apologising about not asking first if there was people that did not understand Danish.  I felt that the only one to apologise was myself for not knowing Danish.
     Yes there is.  Though the technology is quite new there is a certain amount of research already consolidated.  In particular  as a reference for this thread of research you can use this survey :    www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC   7  /    nih.gov  Where Is Current Research on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review  The authors there  review   papers of which   % published after      confirming that researchers are working on blockchain applications only recently .
     Some say so.  And some ICO can make you make some good money. Initial Coin Offering od ICO is a way many startups are using to finance theirselves and some of those startups really have great ideas and prototypes.  However you should first evaluate the risk before deciding to participate. The risk is high as you may loose everything and only small amounts should be invested.  There is An upcoming ICO organized by ImpakFinance which is trying to connect savers and investors and thus help entrepreneurs and companies working for a sustainable world.  Here you find more info :    mpk.impak.eco/en  mpk.impak.eco/en
   Hollywood movies i.e. “The Godfather  have done a pretty good job in creating a contorted image of Italy  .  Howehere there is an answer based upon facts and data that answers very well this question and this is the aswer given by    /profile/Martin Dièdre  Martin Dièdre . So thank you man.
     Blockchain technology is of course in the peak of its hype as of Gartners      below  and is reaching the “Peak of inflated expectations     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg acae    77b   c7    d  ecb  .webp   Developers are producing applications at the speed of light and here are some of the industries they are working on and in which blockchain can result in a breakthrough:   Equity markets   Digital markets     P P lending    Private markets    Remittance     Betting    Crowdfunding    Microfinance     Payments systems industry      Heathcare    Land deeds    Intelectual property      Online Identity     Ownership records     Voting      E commerce  These are only the ones in which blockchain tecnology is immediately applicable but future will reserve many surprises.
     You need to learn (but better if you have already knowledge on)   any programming language such Java or Javascript. One in particular which is Solidity in particular if you want to build smart contracts on Ethereum blockchain   You need to be comfortable with large quatities of data     Understand cryptography  but you dont have to be an expert    Understand how the blockchain works. You can read the bitcoin paper for that here    bitcoin/bitcoin.pdf  bitcoin/bitcoin.pdf
      DASH  Litecoin and Monero are probably the ones you are looking for.
    To have an idea of the state of art you should check :    journals.plos/plosone/article?id=  .   % Fjournal.pone.        plos  Where Is Current Research on Blockchain Technology?—A Systematic Review  And for more on blockchain research check the following conference    icccn/icccn 7/    icccn  ICCCN     and papers presented there .
    Do you know how to code in a programming language ? If yes  then to know what Ethereum is  you can watch the Ethereum’s creator Vitalik Buterin video at Devcon   here :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/  SaEDzlmP ?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id=   SaEDzlmP   style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/  SaEDzlmP / .jpg');   /div  If you don’t know how to code then you need a more simple presentation . For example the Vitalik Buterin explanation without tecnical terms in which he explains the impact of the Etherum blockchain in almost any field of human activity. He also explains some differences between Bitcoin and Etherum  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/TDGq aeevgY?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= TDGq aeevgY  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/TDGq aeevgY/ .jpg');   /div
   I dont belive it will end up like that. I hope the country will stabilise  Gruevsky and his friends will go to prison and finally Albanian rights will be respected. It seems Zaev is a competent guy and finally FYROM will find its way towards economic growth  EU and NATO.
   Mistreated  is a strong term to use!  Albanians were mistreated back in the   ′ when I lived there  probably just like many other nationalities of imigrants who lived in Greece. Most likely the same thing happened to the Greeks themselves when they immigrated in US or Australia in the  ′.  But yes  back in the   ′ I remember police was brutal and I had had some bad experiences with them. However greek police is brutal even to his own people so nothing new to expect : )  Nowdays I would say that .. Contempted  is the proper term. Just as Cuka wrote in his answer .  For example about Albanian language I remember albanian parents not talking to their children in albanian becouse society thinks it is…. “such a shame you are Albanian  so those children tried hard to hide their albanian origin and never spoke between them in albanian. About that  I even got a “soft  attack on Quora for being such a bad father and teaching to my son albanian given that he is born in Italy and has an italian mother. The guy was living in Greece and masked the attack as a warm advice…  About names and baptism is absolutely true what Llupa is saying.  I even had a similar experience when my employer in Greece which was a religious and devoted man proposed me to get baptised. With all the respect that I had for him I told that I would prefer not to do that.  He asked for a valid reason and I had none … so in order not to finish like this poor thing below . ..    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f  e e a fb  be    b    a 7 .webp   I said that I was already a muslim. Later he discovered what kind of muslim he had employed when saw me enjoying a big pork chop : )  Now I respect all religions and stay away from all of them but it seems in Greece religion is a large reason for discrimination. So Albanians living there and understanding this aspect of Greek society are trying hard to conform in it by changing names  adopting religion and avoiding to talk in Albanian.  All in order to avoid the contempt by society. I know they have to survive and integrate but it is such a sad thing to do.  As a last thing I belive that true integration in a new society does not mean forgeting about your own culture of origin and forcing yourself into learning another. It consists instead in opening up your mind and finding new meanings to life and a new world view you never thought of before.
  NO.  There are no legal basis for taking this type of actions in a free and democratic country with a democraticly elected govenment.
   There are some nice examples mentioned by    /profile/Tolga Akgoz    Tolga Akgoz with Mostar bridge in Bosnia.  I want to add some other examples from Albanian city of Berat.  Let’s start with the bridge. It was build in    but it is still in a great state so that sometimes there are even heavy tracks going over it :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e cdfeb8d f7ba87fe      c    7.webp   Another view of it:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f df a eb  ba f da c  c  c d db.webp   Again from the city of Berat there is Mangalem neighborhood :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    c fab   7cf8b fbedead f    c.webp   For this Berat is also called the city of “Thousand over thousand windows  .  In the same way is also build the Gorica neighborhood :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg de e   ad  fae   e  c88b 7 7.webp   Part of the reconstruction of the castle of Berat is also of othoman period :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d b  f8b  a  a  dfeef cd   a .webp   The inner part of it :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg af 8cc ec7be eb a8b7cb  e.webp   Other inside parts :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    d  fbfbd       c   ea e.webp     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    cf8bf fd   7d a d  cb abce .webp   Other architetures of minor interests are the bridge in Vokopole Berat you can see below. To me it seems incredibly similar to the Mostar brigde in Bosnia.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   8e    b   ba bda fe  b  c    .webp   Other architectures worth to mention are the following moscheas build between   and       Beqar Moschea    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  fe f f  d7eee   ebff aaedda87a.webp   The moschea of king but in Berat everybody knows it as the silver moschea.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg adbafc   cadcd  bd a   87  ebaf .webp   And here is how those moscheas look indors . They are very well conserved pieces of islamic art:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b77bb  ebd  d f c   c  a ea87  b.webp     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   aed   7ef  7b        bf  8.webp   About this I read very recently this    businessinsiderthe louvres and the mets islamic art collections bridge the divide     ?IR=T    businessinsider   Why Major Art Museums Are Going Gaga For Islamic Art on business insider.  Disclaimer: Berat is the city I was born in (and proud of : ) ) so that’s why I wrote only about othoman period architeture you find there. Sorry for that ; )  Later on in   UNESCO decided to inscribe Berat in the UNESCO World Heritage List  so maybe my opinion is not that biased.
   To understand the position of Greece during the war in Yougoslavia you have to understand one thing first : Greece and Serbia have a religion based friendship that goes many centuries back in history.  Given this fact I’ll try to respond on every point of your question.  Did the population feel threatened to an eventual spillover?  No. The different reasons for that are : Greece was at that time a NATO member so under this umbrella Greece was safe. Moreover  there was a geographic buffer zone between the war in ex Yougoslavia and Greece so no problem at all for eventual spillovers.  Did the politicians or the military have any role?  Yes. Greek politicians had a role. At that time there was Mitsotakis prime minister in Greece . On the one hand this guy (and his govenment) spent millions of dollars in helping his friend Milloshevic with weapons and oil and everything else needed to go on fighting croats and bosniacs thus violating the ongoing embargo that international community had imposed over Serbia. There were also many greeks who volunteered fighting in the Yougoslavian army. Some of those volunteers are now members of “Golden Dawn  the extreem right greek party.  On the other hand  greek politicians refused to participate in NATO mission of bombing Serbia in order to make it withdraw from Kosovo and stop the massacers there.  What about the media coverage?  The media coverage was absolutely large as with any other war. But the Greek media in the name of the orthodox friendship I mentioned earlier was only covering one side of the story : serb tragedy. They were only telling to the greek people about the bombing in Belgrade and the people that lost their life there but they omitted to tell also the croat  bosnian and albanian tragedy. Was it because the later are catholics and muslims respectively ? I don’t know … but I can’t find other reasons.  Edit :  Greek author Takis Michas wrote more about it here “ Unholy Alliance /i : Greece and Milošević's Serbia in the Nineties
   Albanians have the idea that their polititians are in power to “eat as much as possible  where the verb “eat  means get rich as much as it gets.  And they are not wrong. In these   years of transition there are no deputies  ministers  local administrators and mayors that have not accumulated a good fortune during their stay in power.  So I guess that the majority of the people in Albania thinks no different about Edi Rama. And there are also his supporters who swear that he is a saint but that is to be understood  they are supporters and many of them (as other polititian’s supporters) are not even capable of solving a simple equation.  However trying to be objective he is maybe the best politician for Albanian standards till now which does not mean he is good.  But he seems to have more appeal outside borders than inside. For example he has been much appreciated in France where    m.top channel.tv/lajme/english/artikull.php?id=         top channel.tv  PM Edi Rama received Légion d'Honneur title by French President | Top Channel as well as for his work as Tirana’s mayor    worldmayorworldmayor_  /results_  .html    worldmayor   The winners of the    contest  As an artist he is also much appreciated. His works have been exposed in different prestigious galleries in New York  Venice  Berlin etc..  About him Financial Times rencently wrote :   “Mr Rama is emerging as one of the most sophisticated political leaders in Europe. An internationally acclaimed artist  he is also a former professional basketball player. Multilingual  he lived for a time in Paris where he gained his first recognition as an artist. In contrast to many politicians  Mr Rama does not peddle slogans.   So maybe a good question would be : Why does the West appreciate him so much? Maybe because he is an artist and art opens many doors? I think that is a good point to reflect on.  Finally  the future will show if he will also gain the hearts of the simple people and albanian intellectuals and not only his supporters .
  FYROM is something created by Serbia when it won the war against Bulgaria. Part of it was taken from Albania and that’s why albanians still live there. Serbs then attached it to kingdom of Yougolavia but FYROM is a country with no identity. FYROM ers even tried to build one out of nothing by placing Great Alexander statues everywhere but this strategy failed just as Gruevski himself. He failed in integrating FYROM in NATO and in EU and he failed also in making FYROM a successful economy.  Now if FYROM really want to build a real state they should consider Albanians (which are not a minority) that are   % of the population as a state forming nationality and start everything from there. Albanians (language and culture) should be reppresented in the new state with symbols in the flag and in the anthelm. Otherwise it will be another fake country just like the one they already have.
   Thanks for A A Predrag.  Yes  Serbia is responsible for war in Kosovo and I’ll explain why.  It is about Serbia of Milloshevic that we are talking about. This guy came in power and stayed in power thanks to nationalists. He is the one responsible also for the war in Croatia and Bosnia. He and his nationalists fellows like bosnians serb leader Karadjic who used to hide in Belgrade masked as an orthodx priest. Now he is in Hague facing a trial. Yes  I know about tensions between Croatia and Serbia. About Ustasha  about rivalry between Dynamo Zagreb and Red Star Belgrade  about differences on religion Catholics vs Orthodox vs Muslims  Tito that was Croat  the illegal declaration of indipendence of Croatia from Yugoslavia and so on. But all' those things are not a valid reason to start a war and kill thousands or hundreds of thousands most of them innocent people and I’m thinking of Bosnia  of Srebrenica.  After all abolishing the Kosovo authonomy (   wasn’t it ? ) was also an illegal act from the Serbian goverment but that didn’t stop Milloshevic. Closing Albanian universities  radio and television  firing albanians from public administration was all Millshevic politics . And it is there that all started. The war in Kosovo started from that act. Kosovars protested but some of those protesters were killed by police. This is why I think Serbia is responsible for Kosovo war.  After the war Serbian government had to restore Kosovo authonomic status (was it in    ? ) but it was too late.  Finally  I hope relations will stabilize soon and both countries will join EU. And what I hope with all my heart is both countries concorde to the same version of history. Because if Kosovars and Serbs teach to their children different version of history the wounds of the war in the Balkans will remain always open.
   I’m not going to talk about me but here is an example of how higher education can change a person and a community lifes :    /What is the best thing you read today/answer/Shaleej TK  Shaleej TK's answer to What is the best thing you read today?
    Now that you’ve got .  billion euros ?! I would stay in Greece instead ; ) I’ve been jocking with my Greek friends all day long today about the last credit Greece got from EU so allow me a bit of humor.  But jokes appart  moving abroad is a really personal matter. It depends also on your actual situation  job  money  etc... As a    years old man  you feel still young and want to do more with your life. I know very well that feeling.. so moving in another country is a way to throw the dices and see what comes out .. yeah just another game. It is really exiting living in a new city  all the new people you meet and the new challenging job. For example you might consider Germany where wages are much higher as well as different (maybe better) standards of life.. etc..etc  However  I have been living in Greece and I will never forget the nice weather  beautyful sea and delicious food. This  together with friends and parents around you is everything you need in life. I don’t know if you can find all that in Germany or England. Yes  in Greece there are many problems you want to run away from but you cant escape forever. At some point you have to face those problems and solve them.  “There are two kinds of people : the ones who stay and face the fire and the ones who run and hide. Running is better.  (Al Pacino in “Scent of woman   Oscar for best actor) He said that with irony.  There si also a moment in life (for me it was around    years old) when you think of making your own family but moving abroad makes everything more complicated.  All this said by someone who already escaped from Greece   years ago for the same reasons you are listing here is a bit contradictory and I recognize that. But my circumstances were very different and as I said before it is a personal matter.  I also think that you already have the answer  just have to dig deeper in your heart.
  Ten years are a very long period when we talk about cryptocurrencies. I think no body sane of mind can predict what will happen to BTC in ten years.  However in the following months the crypo coins are going to grow in price and maybe value. Here more that BTC I’m thinking about ETH which is faster and smarter (i.e. programmable) that BTC.  There is a also an ecosystem of virtual crypto coins (about     or even more) which for the first time taken all together have a greater value than the BTC itself.
   Here is the answer to what is a confusion matrix :    /Is confusion matrix called confusion matrix because it is extremely confusing/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Is confusion matrix called confusion matrix  because it is extremely confusing?
   As many as you can count in the Italian version of Quora    it.quora  it.quora . As I said there are many of them.
      leafletjs    leafletjs   Leaflet — an open source JavaScript library for interactive maps and location data visualization.  Google    developers.googlechart/    google   Charts | Google Developers is also a nice library for visualzing maps such as the following    developers.googlechart/interactive/docs/gallery/geochart    google   developers.googlech...     d js/    d js  D .js   Data Driven Documents Javascript library for visualizing almost any kind of data. An example can be seen here    datatreemapdcother/opendata_example.php    datatreemap   datatreemapdcoth...
   WEKA of course. There are also many other libraries of machine learning in Java but WEKA stands out. Have a look of it here :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java
   Here is an example :    datatreemapdc r/geocode.php    datatreemap   datatreemapdc r/... For geocoding all your addresses instead just write a loop in any programming language and make a request ofr each iteration of the loop.
   Data analysis of course ! Java Collections framework is one of the best tools for data cleaning  parsing and analysis.  The quantity of data you can handle is limited by the RAM available on your computer but however if you have at least    Gbit of RAM then you can do(almost) anaything with Java data structures implemented in Collections API.  Here you find some examples on that :    datatreemapjavaprog.html    datatreemap   DataTreeMap  Happy learning : )
   To the excellent answer of    /profile/Terry Moore     Terry Moore I want to add some other sampling methods which are :   random sampling   opportunistic sampling (opportunity samples)    stratified sampling.    systematic sampling  The first one (random sampling) is also the most common among methods but is not easy to apply it as you have to make sure the items in your sample are really independent i.e. choosing one item does not affect choosing the second and so on.  The second is the one you get when sending a survey to    people but only   of them actually fill it. Well that’s your opportunity sample.  Stratified sampling instead is the one you get from grouping the population following particular categories. For example when you are trying to find out the average quantity of sugar in a cookie. You have different types of cookies such as ginger cookie  peanut cookie and so on and you have to group them and calculate your sampling method based on the groups. Not to be confused with clustering methods which have different elements in a cluster.  Systematic sampling is when you have a set of elements let’s say :                  and you choose the first element and then every k units you pick another one. So for k =   my sample will be :      And then of course there is the sample size to consider but that is almost another issue .
   There is a UN data challenge project called “Data for Climate Action . You can find it here :    dataforclimateaction/    dataforclimateaction  dataforclimateaction....  It was possible to participate right before April  7. In this projects participants are using data science and big data to study climate change in order to undestand it and find new ways to prevent and mitigate its effects.  Another very interesting project sponsored by Microsoft is    madingley.github.io/    github.io  Madingley Model | Home which simulates entire ecosystem on Earth. Using this model the scientists can simulate the impact of climate changes on all lifeforms on Earth.
    One way is to use Google Scholar . You can see them sorted by number of citations  having as label machine learning.  Here the link:    scholar.googlecitations?authuser= ;hl=en;mauthors=label% Amachine_learning;view_op=search_authors    google   scholar.googlecitat...
   I think the link below explains wealth inquality in US in a simply great way :    apps.urban/features/wealth inequality charts/    urban    Charts about Wealth Inequality in America
   There is a great example of interactive exploration of Boston's subway system here :    mbtaviz.github.io/    github.io  Visualizing MBTA Data
   I wrote a post about it here :    algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  You may find it helpful.  Happy Learning : )
   Netflix ( the Blockbuster of today ) uses different algorithms that can predict and thus recommend to a user new content based on previously watched one.  An example of such algorithmic methods can be association rules algorithms.  Netflix mines millions of user’s data to see which movies or series have been whatched together with other movies. This mining will reveal patterns of associations or rules and this information is called knowledge. Netflix builds this knowledge everyday by mining its user’s data. It is from that knowledge that Netflix is able to make accurate predictions and then recommendations to its users.  For instance  let’s say I’m a Netflix user and I have watched an array of movies A  B  C  D and E. That’s my history. Now  when Netflix mines its dataset finding association rules it finds that movies A  B  and F have been whatched (by millions of users) also with movie F and G. This is an association rule Netflix can use to recommend to users which just like myself have whatched A and F.  And then of course Netflix refines this algorithm in order to make it more customized with other user data such as age  sex. country etc..
   A confusion matrix (in machine learning) is used to inspect where the largest part of misclassifications happens with a classifier.  For example if you train a tree classifier to recognize an animal based on certain features such as number of legs  hair or feathers  tail  lays eggs or makes milk and so on.. your classes will be mammal  bird  reptile etc..  Now  if your dataset is not that big  a simple way to check if your classifier is doing a good job is to use the confusion matrix to see if the newly classified animals you are trying to classify as mammals  birds are falling in the correct class.  The confusion matrix has as columns the classes of animals and as rows the instances of classes of animals classified as birds  mammals etc..  Finally the confusion matrix as I undestand it is called this way to indicate the nature of the matrix itself as a blackboard of errors of the classification used and as a simple and empirical method of validation.
   Thanks for A A!  I wrote about it here :    /Why are the taxes so high in Greece/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to Why are the taxes so high in Greece? so I’m not going to repeat myself.  My oppinion is Greece simply can’t reduce taxes at the moment.
   To identify a data scientist you need a certificate from International Data Science authority …  No.  A data scientist is just somebody who is a data miner that knows good statistics or a statistician that masters at least one programming language (R preferably). A data scientist is a data analyst with a good knowledge on algorithms and data sctructures and a deep undestanding of mathematical concepts such as linear algebra  probability and combinatorics.  A data scientist is not a prophet making miracles for you in order to identify him as such.  But a data scientist is a prophet (am I just contradicting myself?) in the sense that he can make predictions but it is not for granted that those predictions will be correct. Even Nate Silver (who is this guy?    en.wikipedia/wiki/Nate_Silver    wikipedia  Nate Silver   Wikipedia ) makes wrong predictions…sometimes.  A data scientist however is a key person that may help you understand your data. For example he/she might help you understand why are you loosing customers for a particular service you offer  if a certain product can be sold more profitably in a combined offer with another product  who are some potential customers that will buy (with a certain probability) a certain product and so on.. I took sales and customer service as a domain but you can apply this to any other domain. More in general a data scientist professional has the characteristics I described here :    /What are all the different types of data scientists/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are all the different types of data scientists?  Finally  to answer your question  you can “identify  a data scientist by the quantity and quality of projects he has participated or lead successfully. A data scientist’s work in a certain domain as well as his experience can be a good certificate/credential in order for you to identify him as a data scientist.
   Great Albania is Great!  We will become the biggest nation in the Balkans and kick Greeks  Turks and Serb’s asses for good.  Now  jokes apart “Great Albania  is the most “pie in the sky  idea I have heard.  Albanians should only worry that their rights in the places where they live as minority i.e. Montenegro  Serbia and FYROM in particular are respected and not touched by anybody.  What we  as Albanians  should unify and protect is our language  culture and traditions. That is the only thing making Albania great.
    There are plenty of online resources you can use for learning machine learning. Blogs online courses  books etc.. and the great majority is free. From    coursera     coursera   Coursera | Online Courses From Top Universities. Join for Free  and datacamp    www.datacampcourses/introduction to machine learning with r    datacamp   Introduction to Machine Learning   Online Course  to weka    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java  You just need to pay if you want a certificate.
    I think    /profile/Håkon Hapnes Strand  Håkon Hapnes Strand is one of them and he is pretty active on Quora.  Another chess guy is also    /profile/David Smerdon    David Smerdon but I dont see answers of him very often on Quora.
    Yes  mainly clustering algorithms and recommendation systems.  I used Java programming language for the implementation of those algorithms and I wrote about it here :    /As a data scientist or machine learning engineer how much of your time do you spend on algorithms/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to As a data scientist or machine learning engineer  how much of your time do you spend on algorithms?  Happy Learning : )
    I tried Anaconda bundle    www.continuum.io/downloads    continuum.io  Download Anaconda Now! .  It has many things inside but I as a Python beginner appreciated most the Spyder IDE which is a python integrated development environment for scientific computing .  Anaconda also offers you a web interface editor where you can run your scripts.  As a second choice I could rank pycharm from IntelliJ.
    From the feed I have read (many) aswers like “O my god  immigrants are going to kill us all or rape our women or convert us to islam or impose their rules to our society !  and other intelligent pearls like those.  Then I read other answer that are more or less like “There is nothing to worry about imigrants in Sweeden. Immigrans are good people they are escaping from the poverty and war. We should help them etc etc..   I think the reality lies somewhere in the middle and the immigration is a social phenomenon which is not easy to understand. In particular when the immigrants are comming from countries and societies which have a great geographic and cultural distance from our western societies.  However  being an immigrant myself ( I have been living   years in Italy and  in Greece but I was born in Albania and left the country when I was  ) I’m aware of the psycology that stays behind this phenomenon. When you are an immigrant it is very hard at the beginning as you know very few people  you have to learn the language and you need to get a job and “insert  yourself into a new society.  So the hosting society has (the duty) to guide the immigrant during his/her process of integration into the society.  But here comes the dilema ! Should the hosting society be tollerant and wait until the immigrant decides to integrate or should there be more hard  strict rules of behavior for the immigrants in order for them to deserve to stay in the country which is Sweden in this case ??  Taking examples from other countries which have a long history of immigration and integration such as US two things can be understood.   Immigrants are a resource for a country but this resource has to be managed better in order to became energy for the country itself. There are many engineers  doctors and skilled workers among immigrants and they should be identified and incentivated. I think Sweden is doing a great job on this direction (with some small exceptions) and there are many successful immigrants from middle east already integrated into the Swedish society not to talk about eastern europe immigrants   The process of integration needs time. The immigrant needs time to join (from a cultural point of view) his past life in his/her country of origin with his present and future in the hosting country. Just as the danish phylosopher Piet Hein used to say (TTT) Things Take Time.  Finally  in general I think that if the hosting country finds intelligent ways to manage immigrants in the right way they will be a wonderful resource and not a menace from which you need to defend against.
    My first year of PhD studies was spent on implementing from scratch clustering algorithms such as partition clustering or k means and applying those algorithms to different types of data such as location data and text. I also spent many hours on implementing multidimensional scaling algorithms and recommendation systems using as a metric Pearson coefficient. That year  was my initiation in the “algorithms from scratch  world  using my favorite programming language Java.  The problem is that later on  and in particular during the recent years of my career  I became a little bit lazy ; ) and use WEKA or other libraries such as mallet or deeplearning j.  However  “now and then  I like to go back to simple or not so trivial algorithms and try to implement them from scratch.  Something worth to say is that the best projects I did so far (and the ones I’m more proud of) are the ones where I used code I implemented myself from the first line. It is time consuming sometimes but it is the most satisfying thing for me.  So yes  the time I spend on algorithms now is definetly less than before.
   Thanks for A A    /profile/Achraf Hidd  Achraf Hidd  I think one of the best answers is the one given by    /profile/Shweta Doshi     Shweta Doshi here    /How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning if they have some knowledge of programming languages/answer/Shweta Doshi     Shweta Doshi's answer to How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning if they have some knowledge of programming languages?  and here     /Can​ a totally beginner at programming start off with machine learning/answer/Shweta Doshi     Shweta Doshi's answer to Can​ a totally beginner at programming  start off with machine learning?  Happy (machine) learning : )
   If by easier you mean less interdisciplinary  then the answer is web development.  In web development you only have to know programming languages such as Javascript  markup such as HTML and style in CSS. Thats it. Yes there are many libraries you have to learn such as jQuery  many frameworks such as Bootstrap and if you want to be a successfull web developer you have to learn Node and Angular. Maybe a bit of web design. But it is all about programming.  In data science instead you have to know many other things other than programming such as linear algebra  statistics  combinatorics  data visualization and communication. That only if you have a good knowledge of the specific domain from where the dataset you need to analyse is coming from.  Maybe now you have and opinion on which one is easier.
    I think    /profile/Yuval Feinstein  Yuval Feinstein already gave you the answer you are looking for. I would only add that you should learn both in order to be technologhy independent.
      You should try this from Massachusets Instutute for Technologhy    ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java  I think it is one of the best for a start on learning Java.
    Unfortunately there is no magical book which contains all you have to know on data science in general and predictive analytics in particular. You have to go through a set of books  articles  blogs and above all “hands on projects  before.  However  I assume you are already good in programming be it R  Python or Java and have a deep knowledge of inferential statistics and linear algebra. In this case you can read some   books for newbies as yourself :    dummiesprogramming/big data/data science/basics of r programming for predictive analytics/    dummies   Basics of R Programming for Predictive Analytics   dummies   articles on blogs such as :    www.r bloggersintroductions to r and predictive analytics/    r bloggers   Introductions to R and predictive analytics     and projects :    githubmjbommar/semichigan predictive analytics    github   mjbommar/semichigan predictive analytics  Happy Learning : )
   Yes  at least partially.  I’m an industrial engineer with a PhD in Industrial Innovation Engineering. My PhD thesis title is “Information fusion for location data analysis  . The last chapter is about the individual’s privacy issues that the data fusion process may rise. I guess individual’s data privacy is a sociological aspect of it.
    EU is not responsible for the Greek crysis itself. The only responsible people are greek politicians from Simits to Kramanlis to Papandreou and back to Mitsotakis.  However EU is responsible for worsening the crysis in Greece since they not only didn’t provide a feasible solution for the crysis but they also imposed austerity measures.  Those measures have only caused economic recession by raising the unemplyment even further and worsening peoples lifes.
     There is no quick way to learn machine learning.  Unless you alredy know :   statistics  bayesian statistics and statistical inference   linear algebra and combinatorics     programming in R or Python or Java or … almost any language    algorithms and data structures in one of the above listed languages  In that case you can learn machine learning quickly. For that I recommend WEKA machine learning framework and a book which provides you with quick ready to apply recepies :    www.packtpubbig data and business intelligence/instant weka how    packtpub   Instant Weka How to  Happy (quick) machine learning : )
   The official site      cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java  and the book      cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/book.html    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining: Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques are for  sure the first point where to start learning WEKA. But if you know how to program in  Java  have a good background in math and want some ready recepies to apply then  give a try to    www.packtpubbig data and business intelligence/instant weka how    packtpub   Instant Weka How to .  Happy Weka Learning : )
   I liked Nea Makri even that is not exactly Athens. It is the best place to live in Atikí.
    My PhD thesis is on “Information fusion for location data analysis  . It is about combining the physical world data with the digital world data. It also explores possible implications on individual’s privacy that the process of data fusion may rise.
    Here is my answer to this question     /What are the top    data mining or machine learning algorithms In    the IEEE Conference on Data Mining identified the    top algorithms Are these still valid/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are the top    data mining or machine learning algorithms? In    the IEEE Conference on Data Mining identified the    top algorithms. Are these still valid?
    Previous answers are pretty good . I will only add the following :   you can model your dataset as a set of transaction each containing a set of items and the you can use arules package in R to generate the rules.   Choose the level of lift and confidence for the rules that better suits you case.     To visualize the rules you can use aruleViz package. It helps you undestand a lot about the rules you just calculated with arules package.  Here are some matrix based    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     8cc  ec  ecfce     acfaeb .webp   and graph based visualizations    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b   f aeba    a8e d a    e   fb.webp   Happy Learning : )
     No they are not.  Homosexuality is a widely accepted sexual orientation in Greece since anticity.  Moreover  the orthodox church of Greece  unlike russian church does not condemns homessexuality at least not directly as in Russia.
     Take the address of the house and geocode it. By using the coordinates of the address you can show the house in Google Earth.  You can display it as a marker on Google Earth. Use the following kml markup code and replace the coordinates shown here with the coordinates of the house you are trying to show.  // code  pre class= prettyprint linenums prettyprinted  style=    ol class= linenums   li class= L   &lt;?xml version=  .   encoding= UTF  ?&gt; /li  li class= L   &lt;kml xmlns= opengis.net/kml/ .  &gt; /li  li class= L     &lt;Placemark&gt; /li  li class= L       &lt;name&gt;Simple placemark&lt;/name&gt; /li  li class= L       &lt;description&gt;Attached to the ground. Intelligently places itself  /li  li class= L          at the height of the underlying terrain.&lt;/description&gt; /li  li class= L       &lt;Point&gt; /li  li class= L        &lt;coordinates&gt;    .            7.            &lt;/coordinates&gt; /li  li class= L      &lt;/Point&gt; /li  li class= L     &lt;/Placemark&gt; /li  li class= L   &lt;/kml&gt;  /li  /ol  /pre
   I don’t know!  Do they ? I dont think so.  At least that part of Greeks that think that Varufakis was the only one which had the decency to resign after Tsipras did what he did.  I don’t judge Tsipras however  but in life one must be coherent and faithful to his own principles and Varufakis was maybe the only one behaving this way.  For that he has all my respect.
   The steps you should follow are basically two:   Learn programming in Java  Python or R. Data structures and related algorithms   Learn parts of mathematics that regard statistics  bayesian statistics and inference  linear algebra etc..  These steps contain many other substeps such as learning SQL and refining your skills in data science learning data mining algorithms and data visualization .
    As an apprentice you should go for Python.  Python is easier to learn than Java. With Python you will be more productive. A lot of companies ues it as it has a shorter time to maket for the applications to be build.  But if you want to go far you should learn Java.
     No.  There is a large part of data mining that is not about machine learning. Mainly it has to do with modelling and infering useful information from the data by applying descriptive statistics  inferential statistics and data visualization.  However  learning Machine Learning will give you the opportunity to get a better a job.
  In Javascript jquery  .x library you can write  //code  $(function(){  });  instead of writing the following  // code  $(document).ready(function(){  });  which was what people were doing doing with jQuery  .x .
   You can try GRAL.    trac.erichseifert.de/gral/wiki/Download    erichseifert.de  Download   GRAL Here is the repo on github    githubeseifert/gral    github   eseifert/gral  And there is also the good old    jfree/jfreechart/    jfree  JFreeChart
   I think it is argumentation mining   The function of human reasoning itself is argumentative and it will have a great impact in creating AI entities such as Cortana . Here is a good paper about :    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=         acm  Argumentation Mining
   Something really innovative in machine learning  that would impact the lifes of billions of people is argumentation mining . Here is a relevant paper :    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=         acm  Argumentation Mining  If you think the function of human reasoning itself is argumentative. So I think it will gain momentum in the next years.
  Something new in jQuery  .x is that you can write  //code  $(function(){  });  instead of writing the following  // code  $(document).ready(function(){  });  which was the normal way of doing in jQuery  .x .  It is recommended also that you use “use strict  in your Javascript code  Happy Learning : )
      You should ask yourself first if you have a good mathematical background.  Subjects such descriptive statistics  bayesian statistics  linear algebra and combinatorics are a must for data science. If you have no knowlege on these subjects you should start with those.  Beside that you should have a good grasp on programming languages such as Python or R. SQL is a big plus.  Then you have to dive on algorithms and data structures.  When you finish .. repeat.  Happy Learning : )
    It sems that a version of Quora Rest API exists but I dont know if its right for your needs . Here you find some info    /profile/Edmond Lau/Edmond Laus Posts/Quora Extension API  Quora Extension API by Edmond Lau on Edmond Lau's Posts
   Some years ago Orange released anonymized CDR data for    arxiv/abs/    .       arxiv  the D D Challenge on Mobile Phone Data  It was about mobile data from Ivory Coast . In     they repeated the same challenge with data from Senegal    unglobalpulse/Orange data for development Senegal    unglobalpulse  The Second  Data for Development  (D D) Challenge in Africa  A lot of research was done around those dataset and here are some links about it :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development  Here are the winners of Senegal D D     www.ucad.sn/files/D Dchallenge_leaflet_A _FINAL.pdf    ucad.sn  www.ucad.sn/files/D Dcha...  They will organize other challenges in the future so stay tunned.
      If you want to start from the basis you need this :    /What parts of mathematics are most relevant for machine learning  What parts of mathematics are most relevant for machine learning?  In the same time you need to learn a programming language such as Python  R or Java.  Happy Learning : )
    The most important parts of mathematics you need to master in order to understand machine learning algorithms are :   Statistics and in particular bayesian statistics. This will help you understand algorithmic methods such as bayesian classification .   You also will need to understand probability as well as combinatorics.     Linear algebra which will help you understand algorithms such as PCA (principal component analysis ) or linear regression methods.  Yes  there is a lot of stuff.  Happy learning : )
    Just as    /profile/Håkon Hapnes Strand  Håkon Hapnes Strand said a KNN or a Naive Bayes algorithm would do in your case.  So in order to add something to this feed I would also recommend you to try a decision tree which is a quite simple algorithm for classification tasks.
    You can try this Bootstrap starter template repo on github :    githubalketcecaj  /bootstrap starter template    github   alketcecaj  /bootstrap starter template  Download it or import it in your workspace. It is quite easy to undestand it as there is only the top menu.  Then you can add a grid where goes all your stuff. Here is how grid system in Bootstrap works :    getbootstrapcss/#grid    getbootstrap   CSS · Bootstrap
    A famous example of application of KNN algorithm to real world data set is that of diagnosing breast cancer which you can find here :    archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Breast+Cancer+Wisconsin+(Diagnostic)    uci.edu  Breast Cancer Wisconsin (Diagnostic) Data Set
    Naive Bayes vs Decision Tree ?  They are both supervised learning algorithms used for classification tasks.  I can say that (as    /profile/Jagadeesh Rajarajan  Jagadeesh Rajarajan stated in his aswer) there is no best algorithm you can apply every time to every task.  It strongly depends of the data you have and what you are trying to learn .  My advice ? I would try both algorithms and check which one performed better for my particular goal of learnig.
      Thanks for A A.  Here is my answer.  For an Albanian speaking person  Greek is not a difficoult language. There is also an affinity between the two languages mainly due to geographic vicinity.  However I must say that the first impact was terrible and it lasted almost one month. Then I started to understand the first words mainly from the context. It took me two years to learn speaking proper Greek without errors in pronunciation. The third year nobody would tell I was not Greek.  But this of course depends on your interest for the language  personal commitment and education background.
    Thank you for A A    /profile/Little SVM O  Little SVM O  Yours is a interesting question so here is my answer.  It seems that there is no single platform to register for having all this material you are looking for. Here is what I found about   ML conferences     aiconference.ticketleaphelloworld/details    ticketleap   THE AI CONFERENCE     tryolabsblog/machine learning deep learning conferences/    tryolabs   List of Machine Learning / Deep Learning conferences in     (and beyond)   Tryolabs Blog   ML Research     jmlr/    jmlr  Journal of Machine Learning Research     guide researchjournals/machine learning    guide research   Top     Computer Science ; Electronics Journals with Impact Factor     Call for papers in ML     wikicfpcfp/call?conference=machine+learning    wikicfp   Machine Learning    Jobs in ML   here I have listed only the most reliable sources     careers.microsoftmachinelearning    microsoft   Machine Learning     angel.co/machine learning/jobs    angel.co  Machine Learning Startup Jobs     stackoverflowjobs/developer jobs using machine learning    stackoverflow   Stack Overflow Jobs  Happy (machine) Learning : )
   Thank you for A A    /profile/Sathia Nadarajah  Sathia Nadarajah  Unfortunately this course in particular is new to me.  However I have followed many courses in Coursera about R programming and Data Science and I can tell my oppinion about Coursera courses. The courses you find there are pretty good and I’m satisfied with the quality of training in Coursera.  So being a course from Coursera “Programming for Everybody  seems a good course to me. Moreover Python is one of the easiest languages to learn and the most indicated for beginners. If you are a beginner in programming then you should consider following this course.
    Thanks for A A    /profile/Madhubashi Prabodhika  Madhubashi Prabodhika .  Yes you can. Here is a list of Python libraries you can use to do just that :    mediumactivewizards machine learning company/top   python libraries for data science in in     ab  b f b a    medium   Top   Python Libraries for Data Science in     – ActiveWizards: machine learning company – Medium  In particular for Natural Language Processing there is NLTK library which can help you make sentiment analytics and automatic summarization.
    I have tried DataCamp for learning R programming. It seems pretty good to me.
    If you use jQuery and you need the same methods all the time then have a look at the following libraries :      githubkylebarrow/chibi    github   kylebarrow/chibi which is a really tiny library : 7KB minified. It has comparable functions just as jQuery.      zeptojs    zeptojs   the aerogel weight jQuery compatible JavaScript library or        mootools.net/    mootools.net  MooTools or       www.senchaproducts/extjs/#overview    sencha   Sencha Ext JS  Finally there is also       microjs#    microjs   Fantastic Micro Frameworks and Micro Libraries for Fun and Profit! if size is a problem.  Happy Learning : )
    The steps to analyse a dataset are not standard. In the case of analysing the data for then applying a machine learning algorithm  the steps can be summarized and listed as follows :   data exploration and preparation. In this phase you try to learn more about your data. In this phase you can make a EDA (Explorative Data Analysis) . Read more about it here    en.wikipedia/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis    wikipedia  Exploratory data analysis   Wikipedia  model training. This is when you have an idea of what can you learn from data and choose the appropriate machine learning algorithm to apply.     model evaluation. Here you you try to be sure that your algorithm is learning from its experience with the data and how well it is learning.    improvement: here you try to improve the performance of the algorithm by adding additional data to the training dataset  fine tunning or by trying other versions of the algorithm.
    I very much enjoyed the following paper :    arxiv/abs/    .        arxiv  [    .    ] Machine Learning that Matters as well as :    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=  77      acm  A few useful things to know about machine learning .  Happy (machine) Learning : )
    I wrote about it here :    /What do you think about the ethics involved in machine learning algorithms in our everyday lives/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What do you think about the ethics involved in machine learning algorithms in our everyday lives?
    The problem in Greece is not the high tax itself. The problem is : where is the money collected from the taxes going.  Taxes are high in Denmark  Sweden  Finland etc.. but in those countries that money is spent to improve the lives of the citizens. In those countries all' the people pay taxes and they are ok with that as they know that the money will be spent responsibly.  In Greece instead  the money from the taxes when collected and if collected (Greece has very high tax evasion and fraud) was “spent  by politicians in buying votes and other “intelligent  expenses such as buying very expensive weapons.  Another very “intelligent  thing Greek governments of the past did was paying the pensions and retirement checks for “Greek  citizens in other countries. For example in Albania there are many old albanian people receiving pensions from the Greek government becouse they declare themselves Greek nationals. For them is better becouse the Albanian state pays only   euro per month while Greek state pays up to   euro per month. This is something going on for years and thousands of people have benefited from it. Only a minority of those people are real greek speaking people which in Albania is a recognized minority.  So a lot of money has gone in that black hole. That money could have been spent to rise the wages and pensions to real greek citizens and improve their lifes or to boost the greek economy.  Moreover corruption in Greece has been quite high in the last    years when the biggest part of the debt was created. Corruption has a big cost for a society in particular for firm’s competitiveness. You can read about it here    transparency.uk/corruption/corruption statistics/corruption the cost to business/    transparency.uk  Transparency International UK .Greek firms are loosing ground on competitiveness and this contributes in low economic growth.  Finally all those things : corruption  “intelligent  spending  low compeitiveness have created a vicious cycle from which will be difficoult to come out. This vicious cycle have been pushing the taxes higher and higher becouse the Greek state has to finance itself and the easiest way to do that is raise taxes.  And this is the reason (I believe) taxes in Greece are so high.
     In order not to repeat my self I wrote about it here :    /How do I identify machine learning tasks problems/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to How do I identify machine learning tasks/problems?  Happy Learning : )
    In machine learning in order to identify the tasks you can make a distinction between predictive and descriptive models.   A predictive model  tries to predict a value X using other values in the dataset. For example it tries to predict if  a  An applicant will default on a loan  b  A person has a certain disease  c  An e mail is spam  d  A credit card transaction is suspicius or fraudolent  As these models are given clear instructions on what they need to learn and how they should learn it  the process of training a predictive model is known as supervised learning.    A descriptive model  instead tries to benefit from the insight gained from summarizing data in novel and interesting ways. More specificaly detect or recognise a particular pattern. Those models are used quite regularly for data mining. They learn in an unsupervised manner.   For example  the descriptive modeling task  which is also called pattern discovery is used to identify useful associations in transactional purchase data . The problem is also called market basket analysis or MBA. This data mining technique  is used by large retailers to identify items that are frequently purchased together. Those relailers  can then use this information to refine marketing tactics. For example make special offers on products that can be sold together.
   There are many limits in machine learning that can be listed.  Of course a principal machine learning limit lays in the data used to train the machine learning algorithms .  If the data are good  and with data I mean if the context to recognize is modelled correctly  then the machine learning results that derives are good.  A famous example showing machine learning limits is the one given by the Apple Newton tablet for hand writing recognition. In one of “the Simpsons  episode they make jokes about Newton tablet for its error in recognizing “Beat up Martin  as “Eat up Martha     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e     d8a bcb7a aa  c de c 7a .webp   But that was back in the   ′ . Now machine learning has improved a lot.
    Machine learning is a tool that hepls us to undestand complex data and in this sense it can be used for good purpose or for harming.  One of the ethical issues regarding the machine learning applications has to do with privacy. By applying machine learning algorithms to personal data it is very easy to harm privacy of individuals even without taking notice.  A famous example is that of a large retailer in US which applied machine learning methods to try and guess or better identify expectant mothers for coupon mailings. The retailer hoped that if these future mothers received good discounts  they would become loyal customers  who would later purchase profitable items like diapers  baby formula  and toys.  It ended up that an angry man contacted the chain and demanded to know why his teenage daughter received coupons for maternity items. He was furious that the retailer seemed to be encouraging teenage pregnancy! But when the retail chain's manager called to offer an apology  it was the father that ultimately apologized because  after confronting his daughter  he discovered that she was indeed pregnant.  This seems to be a true story and many online newspapers wrote about it. So I think individuals privacy should be the first among those issues.
     Unfortunately the ethical implications in the context of data mining  machine learning and big data are not fully explored.  Such issues if not addressed might become limiting factors for the application of machine learning algorithms in everyday life applications.  As I see it a good approach would be that of   introducing appropriate permissions for data storage and release providers.   A mapping of the data flow.     A complete transparency of the whole process.  The existing process of open data release is an example but it has to be extended and improved.
    It is of course a middle east sweet but I dont know if were the othomans that brought it in the Balkans.  So in order to avoid nationalistic bullshit (see previous comments) I say that baklava belongs to the people that like it and thus eat it. In Albania it is made with walnuts Delicious : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   e   ae   ddb a       7fd  d.webp
    Here I wrote a post about good books on data mining and machine learning in R programming.    algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Machine Learning and Data Science in R  and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  They address also big data analysis.  Happy Learning : )
    You can try to make a word cloud graphics or tag cloud graphics. A tag cloud is representation of text data  which are used to depict keyword metdata of a piece of text. Tags are usually single words  and the importance of each tag is shown with font size or color. The bigger the font size and more relevant is the word (more times is repeated) inside the text.  This format is useful for quickly perceiving the most prominent terms and for havin a quick idea of the content of the text. For example if you want to analyse the wikipedia page on Italy in R programming this is pretty easy to do . I converted this page in text and saved it in local. You have to download and import in Rstudio the tm library and the wordcloud library. Then procede as follows :  # read the text  line by line  page = readLines( italy.txt )  # produce a corpus of the text  corpus = Corpus(VectorSource(page))  # convert all of the text to lower case (standard practice for text)  corpus = tm_map(corpus  tolower)  # remove any punctuation  corpus = tm_map(corpus  removePunctuation)  # remove numbers  corpus = tm_map(corpus  removeNumbers)  # remove the stop words  corpus = tm_map(corpus  removeWords  stopwords( english ))  # create a term matrix  dtm = TermDocumentMatrix(corpus)  # reconfigure the corpus as a text document  corpus = tm_map(corpus  PlainTextDocument)  dtm = TermDocumentMatrix(corpus)  # convert the document matrix to a standard matrix  m = as.matrix(dtm)  # sort the data with the highest as biggest  v = sort(rowSums(m)  decreasing = TRUE)  # finally produce the word cloud  wordcloud(names(v)  v  min.freq =   )  Finally you will see a graphics as the following :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a7 ecf  7 adc b a    87    7fa.webp   For finding patterns in text data you can pay attention to the association of words for example you can check if word X compares together with word Y and so on.. If you visualize the data this way it becomes relatively easy to spot those associations. As an alternative for finding the associations you can use arules library of R .  Happy Learning : )
    You can follow Google style for Java . Here you find it    google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html    github.io  Google Java Style Guide
    Sorry to disappoint !  The answer is NO! No body wants war  (at least not Albanians) in particular after the horrors of the Yougoslavian wars. Those should be the last wars we had in Europe.  Now western Balkans i.e. Albania  Montenegro  Bosnia  Serbia  FYROM and Kosovo are looking to European Union and NATO.  Those countries will keep that direction  no matter some stupid politicians that in an attempt to preserve their power are firing up religious and nationalistic spirits in particular in FYROM.
     In the last    years I have been living in four countries that are Albania  Greece  Italy and Denmark. I speak almost fluently in Albanian my mother tongue  Greek  Italian and English.  Here is how I learned those languages.   Albanian is my mother tongue and my father was an Albanian language teacher so you can imagine yourself. In school I learned French but I never had the opportunity to truly learn this language. The teacher was not that good and my interest for French dropped. I liked English instead but I started learning it on my own so I learn a lot of things in a wrong way.  I then went to live in Greece where I learned greek language. I speak and read it fairly well but I have some difficoulty in writing it becouse it is … well Greek. I worked as a waiter so the contact with people required me to master the language and I did the best that I could. After two years in Greece and continous learning I could speak the language very well. Beside that I continued learning English. There was almost everyday a tourist or two comming in the restaurant where I worked so I never missed the opportunity to talk to them in english. So I had my english improved quickly.  After five years in Greece I moved to Italy where I live now and where I learned to speak fluent italian. I graduated here and I learned the language at a working proficiency level. My spouse which is italian helped me to make my italian perfect. During the years of study I attended the Erasmus exchange program so I went to study in Denmark. As an exchange student I had to do everything in English and that’s where my English got perfect.  But I think that if it wasn’t for my living in those countries I would never learn the languages I mentioned.  So if you want to learn a language you have to go and live in the country where the language is spoken. At least six months or even better one year. Except for english maybe. You can learn english in your country. However if you want to be perfect you have to spent at least six months in UK  USA  Australia or NZ.
      The prerequisites for a machine learning course are :   good knowledge of mathematics and in particular   statistics  descriptive statistics and more in particular    bayesian statitics.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Bayesian_statistics    wikipedia  Bayesian statistics   Wikipedia . Fundamental prereq is also   programming knowledge in Java  Python or better in R. A good understanding of    data structures and related algorithms will be a big plus during your path of ML.  Happy (machine) Learning ; )
    The starting point begins with your steady motivation to learn Javascript  then a good book and an online course. There are plenty of those such as FreeCodeCamp. As for the books I would recommend the “Head first on Javascript .
      In the past  Quora used to assign points for every answer given. Then two years ago they dropped that system probably becouse it was not working in the right direction. So they have alredy tried a similar system to StackOverflow.  Now Quora is using number of views as badges like “Most viewed writer  to assign repoutation.
      One of the first courses on Data Science specialization path on Coursera is “R programming  together with “Data scientist toolbox  so theoreticaly you can take this specialization data science path even without having programming experience. However  having a little programming knowledge will prove to be your best weapon as in this learning path will be required to commit at  % in order to pass the examinations on time.  You will have to pass the peer review and the points you get from the quizes will not be enough for you to have a good score.  As for “Statistics with R  it is a good course but it is only about statistics and R programming. The data science specialization path instead will give you a complete view of the filed. Cant remember if they require a little bit of programming knowledge in “Statistics with R  but I asume that it should be among the requirements.  Finally I would go for the speciallization path. I taked the first three courses of this path so far and I enjoyed it.
     Yes  there is Tableau. Just as the banner says you can    www.tableautrial/tableau software?adgroup=CTX Brand Core EN E;adused=  77     7;gclid=Cj KEQjwrsDIBRDX JCunOrr_YYBEiQAifH FluI8O SViM u fspco tEYsDPtlK Ttx ZDr7etrfQaAgme8P8HAQ;kcid= ebc fc       c   e7  a  b   ;kw=tableau;matchtype=e;placement=;utm_campaign=Prospecting CORE ALL ALL;utm_country=SoEUR IT;utm_language=EN;utm_medium=Paid+Search;utm_source=Google+Search    tableau   Answer questions as fast as you can think of them with Tableau .
     This is the dynamic map of every termonuclear explosion on Earth since   . It is a timelapse of all the explosions done since then for every country that became a nuklear power since then. First the US  then USSR  UK  France  China  India and so on..  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/    GYiitpM?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id=     GYiitpM  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/    GYiitpM/ .jpg');   /div  The scariest part is during the peak of cold war in the   ′ when the explosions become more and more violent. The most violent one has been exploded by the US.
   Absolutely yes.  As a datas scientist you need to visualize the results of your analysis in order to undestand it better.  In this sense visualizing is a very important part of the data analysis process and you just can’t do without it in some domains of data. For example if you are analysing location data such as geo tagged pictures or geo tagged tweets visualization of data is crucial. If you dont visualize the data in a map you cant even imagine what are those data about and infer or understand something useful about it.  The picture below is shows a visualization of geo referenced data from different social networks one of each color . By sorting the data by timestamp the track of the user can be seen.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f    7   bc  e    87a    eed.webp   Happy learning : )
     Yes you can.  You can try    www.tableau    tableau   Tableau Software . It has a nice looking dashboard that allows you to apply algorithms to the data and see the result in the dashborad console. In general allows you to implement your analysis without typing a line of code.  If you want to apply some machine learning algorithms you can use WEKA :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java . You can use its GUI interface (graphic user interface) to have a look at your analysis results.  However  being a data scientist requires also coding knowledge  without it you will have a handicapt compared to other candidates who can code. A nice programming language for data scientist is R.  Happy learning : )
     The best alternative is to do it in R programming    cran.r project/    r project  The Comprehensive R Archive Network With R you can analyse datasets with millions of records (of course you need a lot of RAM at least Gbit) .  Otherwise you can use Python or Java. In particular Java has an API called Collections which contains different data stuctures that can be used to analyse your dataset. However a dataset of  k records is not a large dataset so you can do it even using your   GB RAM computer.
      Yes it is.  It is one of the five areas/fields of Computational Social Science together with SNA  Information retrival etc..
      Yes  the method you are looking for is get(key). For example if you hashmap is  Map&lt;Integer  Integer&gt;m = new HashMap&lt;Integer  Integer&gt;();  // the values inside the hashmap are  m.put( );  m.put(   );  you can get the keys by making a loop as follows:  for(Integer i : m.keySet()){  Integer key = i;  }
    I would go for Javascript which is the language of the browsers and the language of web.  This way you can undestand how you can infer the information about the users such as device used to connect  location  country thus language etc.. and addapt the ads to the users based on the data previoulsy mentioned
  Well these data is known only to Instagram itself.  I have collected data from Instragram API using a Java client and can say that the data you get is about many users but there are very few data per user. So a guess that there are many users ge tagging their locations but Instagram filters the data in order to give you only a small fraction of them.  So you may access data about millions of users but you get only a few geotagged events per user. That doesnt allow you to use the dataset for serious analysis. However you can use those data together with other data and make a statistical inferation from the data fusion process.
   Here is a chart to prove that correlation is not causation. It is the relation between the Internet Explorer use and murder rate in the US and I think it says it all.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     c 78 c c    c   a d  .webp   It is however important to mention that there are cases in which correlation is causation. For example low temerature will cause snow to fall  high levels of wind will correlate with high levels of green energy produced and so on. But every time there have to be an expensive study just to prove it.  But there is an interesting paper about this  which uses an innovative statistical trick that can determine cause and effect based solely on observational data.    jmlr/papers/volume 7/   /   .pdf    jmlr  jmlr/papers/volum...  The results in the paper suggest that correlation not only implies causation  but that correlation can prove causation but under the right conditions.
  IntelliJ IDEA hands down. There is a reason why it is not free.  The standard version of IntelliJ IDEA has many more features that Eclipse that provides the same features only through plugins.
   I can say that Python is a good choice for Data Science but it is not the only one and at some extent is not the best one.  My personal opinion is that R is much better for data analysis  data mining and aspiring data scientist in general. It is not easy to learn but once that you learn it it will make you much more productive. There are also many packages for almost everything.  A nice IDE for R programming you can use is Rstudio    www.rstudio    rstudio   Home . It provides an integrated view of the written code and the console.
   By using geocoding or reverse geocoding . There is Nominatim API for that. You can find more here    wiki.openstreetmap/wiki/Nominatim#Address_lookup    openstreetmap  Nominatim   OpenStreetMap Wiki  So if you have the longitued and latitude of a point you can transform it into physical address by uing the Nominatim API.  Here is a practical example : let’s say you have the following coordinates :  .  87           .          7. Those coordinates correspond to :  “  Pilkington Avenue  Sutton Coldfield  Maney  Birmingham  West Midlands UK   How do I know ? Well querying the Nominatim API by using the following http request :    nominatim.openstreetmap/reverse?addressdetails= ;format=xml;lat=  .  87      ;lon=  .          7;zoom=     openstreetmap  nominatim.openstreetmap.o...  it will respond with a JSON or XML string like the following :  &lt;reversegeocode timestamp= Sat     May    :  :   +      attribution= Data © OpenStreetMap contributors  ODbL  . .    openstreetmap/copyright&quot;querystring=&quot;format=xml;lat=  .  87      ;lon=  .          7;zoom= ;addressdetails=     openstreetmap  openstreetmap/cop...  &gt;  &lt;script id= tinyhippos injected /&gt;  &lt;result place_id=         osm_type= way  osm_id=          lat=  .  877     lon=   .             boundingbox=  .      .  8      .     .     &gt;    Pilkington Avenue  Sutton Coldfield  Maney  Birmingham  West Midlands  Inghilterra  B   LH  Regno Unito   &lt;/result&gt;  &lt;addressparts&gt;  &lt;house_number&gt;  7&lt;/house_number&gt;  &lt;road&gt;Pilkington Avenue&lt;/road&gt;  &lt;suburb&gt;Sutton Coldfield&lt;/suburb&gt;  &lt;hamlet&gt;Maney&lt;/hamlet&gt;  &lt;city&gt;Birmingham&lt;/city&gt;  &lt;state_district&gt;West Midlands&lt;/state_district&gt;  &lt;state&gt;Inghilterra&lt;/state&gt;  &lt;postcode&gt;B   LH&lt;/postcode&gt;  &lt;country&gt;Regno Unito&lt;/country&gt;  &lt;country_code&gt;gb&lt;/country_code&gt;  &lt;/addressparts&gt;  &lt;/reversegeocode&gt;  You can parse now the XML string and extract the address in bold. This example should be enough for you to do to implement reverse geocoding or geocoding yourself.  Happy Learning : )
  I dont think Java is loosing popularity or ground in competing with other languages such as Python or C++. Java is “write once run everywhere  so it will be difficoult to simply replace Java.  And Java is also number one in programming IoT devices not to talk about Android and mobile devices.  Moreover the Java  and   versions have also implemented functional programming aspects such as lambda functions.
    Find a good book for example :    www.amazonHead First HTML CSS Standards Based/dp/           amazon   Head First HTML and CSS: A Learner's Guide to Creating Standards Based Web Pages:  7       : Computer Science Books @ Amazon   or    shop.oreillyproduct/          .do    oreilly   Head First JavaScript Programming   go to FreeCodeCamp    www.freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits . There you can learn everything from HTML and CSS to modern Javascript : Node.js and React.js    go to Github and try some projects such as Bootstrap for example.
   There is no “best site to learn coding ! Simply becouse you don’t learn coding from just one source. At least you dont learn good coding just online.  You also need a good book to follow. For example    shop.oreillyproduct/ 7       7.do    oreilly   Head First Programming may be a good choice.  You also need to exercise with code written by other people and try to reverse engineer that in order to understand it in the best way that you can. This is also a way to learn. There is plenty of code on Github in almost any programming language. You can try that.  Finally  by participating in coding challeges and projects you can take your skills in a higher level.  Happy learning : )
   The resons are simple :   jQuery is easy to learn. You just have to know the foundations of Javascript   with jQuery you have more functionality with less lines of code. For example  to write a phrase such as “The page is loaded    In jQuery you type the following code :   &lt;script type= text/javascript &gt;   // insert content in page by using jQuery /i     $( document ).ready(function() {   $( #content ).append( &lt;p&gt;The page loaded.&lt;/p&gt; );   });   &lt;/script&gt;  Now look how many lines of code you need to write for having the same thing in plain Javascript.   &lt;script&gt;   // Inserting content the old way using the DOM in Javascript /i     window.addEventListener( DOMContentLoaded   function(evt) {   var elem = document.getElementById( content );   var para = document.createElement( p );   var text = document.createTextNode( The page just loaded. );   para.appendChild(text);   elem.appendChild(para);   });   &lt;/script&gt;  Exactly! you need to write four more lines : )     jQuery can also be used to build mobile and UI interfaces. In fact there is    jquerymobile    jquerymobile   jQuery Mobile and    jqueryui    jqueryui   jQuery UI .    Even if there are some functionalities you cant find in jQuery there are many jQuery plugins you can use in conjunction with jQuery . Find more here    plugins.jquery    jquery   jQuery Plugin Registry  Happy learning : )
    I would like to learn chinese. It is a fascinating language  in particular they writing of ideograms seems just like art to me. But it must be also pretty difficoult to learn. A true challenge.
    Java is always the best choice. But if you are a beginner better start with   Python  is easier. And if youlike to get your hands dirty with data then learn     R programming which can make you life as a data analyst a piece of cake and   SQL of course. You need SQL to query data. SQL is one of the most required skills from the market labor  it’s a skill a programmer must have as you always have to store and make CRUD operations. But if you want to bring your data online then you absolutely need..    Javascript and jQuery library.  You dont necessarily have to follow this order  but however knowing those languages will give you access to the biggest part of the code at Github.
   Yes they do.  A data scientist infact is a statistician who can code or a programmer who knows very good statistics. But knowing statistics fairy well is more important than knowing good coding practises. Lets say that you have to know  % programming and   % statistics  analytical methods and related algorithms.  Is the implementing part which needs you to know how to code.  And again there are many data analysis frameworks and libraries you can use if you dont know coding such as WEKA or Tableau. These tools provide you with a graphical interface from wjìhich you can load your dataset and start the analysis.
   First thing first  your field seems pretty cool to me. However  if you want to change a little bit  master programming algorithms and data analysis skills. Learn to code in Python  R or Java. Having programming skills in those laguages will make you an appealing candidate.  Statistics and data analysis on the other hand are among the most required skills in the job market.  Statistics and coding will enable you to learn machine learning which can help you to undestand many aspects of AI and find a job in a different field from yours.ò
   Simple! Have a look at their careers page here :    /careers  quoracareers . Then confront your skills with what they are looking for. If they match apply for a job. Done : )
   Here is a list I find on Reddit.  There you find any type of courses from web development to mobile and algorithms and data analysis  machine learning etc..    www.redditr/learnprogramming/duplicates/ msr f/heres_a_list_of_  7_free_online_programmingcs/    reddit   Here's a list of    free online programming/CS courses (MOOCs) with feedback(i.e. exams/homeworks/assignments) that you can start this month (June     ) • r/learnprogramming  Happy Learning : )
   Here is a list of MOOCs .     www.redditr/learnprogramming/comments/ msr f/heres_a_list_of_  7_free_online_programmingcs/    reddit   Here's a list of    free online programming/CS courses (MOOCs) with feedback(i.e. exams/homeworks/assignments) that you can start this month (June     ) • r/learnprogramming  There you find more that just web design and web development. From jQuery to simple Javascript   HTML and CSS. From mobile apps in Android and Swift to Java programming and advanced data structures  algorithms and machine learning. From Python to Ruby and Git and Github. There are also courses about data warehouse and cloud computing.  Happy learning : )
   No. What you Need to learn is how to write great content which is exclusive or of great value for people. It is the people that visits your blog that Will be your best SEO agents. If they like your contents they will keep comming and sharing your blog pages. They will recomend It to friends and people they know might bè interested along social networks  forums and peers. This is the best SEO process for you and It is totally free.
  Neither Java nor C++ is a good choice for a beginer. You should start with Python instead and then learn Java or C++.
   This seems to be a good question for    /profile/Jennifer Polk   Jennifer Polk so I’m turning this question to her. Also have a look at her blog here :    fromphdtolife    fromphdtolife   From PhD to Life   Jennifer Polk  PhD
    Here you can start coding and do it for free :    www.freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits  Many other people already used it to learn and they have only good words about it .     /Is freecodecamp a good way to learn programming  Is freecodecamp a good way to learn programming?
   The one in which a lot of data  data analysis and algorithms are involved. Google for example loves engineers or PhD that can think algorithmically or analitically or visually or.. Make sure to develop a strong background on algorithms and data analysis and software development if you want a job in Google
   I dont know for sure.  Quora is written in Python so I doubt about Quora seeking Java developers. But however  Java programming is a good skill to have and they might want a Java developer for another internal purpose.  On the other hand there are many other sites like Quora you can try to apply for an internship or full job.  However  for Quora open placements you can consider their careers page at    /careers  www.quoracareers
   Yes  definitely.  Know programming in any coding language in general and in Java in particular will give you a better access to the job market. Java is one of the most used programming languages so far and is there to stay.  DO you want to make web development the back  end part ? you can and will do it in Java EE or Spring Framework.  Mobile ? no problem learn Java and then Android and you are ready to go.  DO you want to learn how to program IoT devices ? Java is always the king. There are already billion of micro devices that are alredy programmed in Java.
  For me jQuery mobile is not that slow.  I have been using it for making a travel planning mobile app. I then used apache cordova to transform my web app in a hybrid mobile app. The end result was great. The app was absolutely not slow except for some pages in which I had some javascript code detecting user location. Of course it is a hybrid app and its performance is not the same as a native one but this is a trade off you must do when you dont have time to throw yourself into native mobile development.  There is people who advocate for Bootstrap (and I understand that) but so far my experince with jQuery mobile was positive.
   Standing to Disqus being SEO friendly is not their goal.  However in their site is written:  “ While better SEO is never the goal of an active commenting community  it is a nice side effect. Disqus has demonstrated that people spend more time on pages where Disqus is installed. This translates into more page views and more comments  which keep pages fresh and give search engines more data to crawl.   Disqus has worked closely with search engines  including Google  to ensure Disqus is crawlable  though ultimately  indexing is out of Disqus’ hands. That being said  there is always the option to sync comments locally to be rendered in the HTML of the page /i .     People spending more time on a page when they can comment it makes perfectly sense to me.
   First thing to know when trying to learn Java is TTT. (Things Take Time) Citataion of Piet Hein.  There is a thing called “learning curve  and here you can read more about it :   www.crondose    /  /developer learning curve/    crondose   Developer Learning Curve   Why Learning How to Code Takes So Long? So be patient and take your time.  And yes  Java is not easy. It is a verbose language and this makes you slow in writing code. However Java is powerful language so dont give up.  There are many courses online you can follow for example MIT open courses :    ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java All you have to do is follow it and go through the exercices. There is also    www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/#Java    ntu.edu.sg  yet another insignificant Programming Notes which has very good Java programing compendium. You need a lot of patience and a lot more of curiosity and passion and then maybe one day you will not find Java so hard.  Happy learning : )
   I have follwed this course on Linkedin Learning :    www.linkedinlearning/r statistics essential training    linkedin   R Statistics Essential Training It is one of the most useful I know.  Happy Learning : )
   Absolutely! It will make your days and career as a statistician a lot easier. Here is a course I like on statistics with R :    www.linkedinlearning/r statistics essential training    linkedin   R Statistics Essential Training  Happy Learning : )
    Reddit is doing pretty well as a site. Look here :    alexasiteinfo/reddit     alexa   Reddit  Traffic  Demographics and Competitors  It is number    world wide and number  in US for page visits. The interface is not important  whats important is numbers ; )  Lack of resources is also a problem for reddit. If you want to have a new interface then maybe you should consider to help them by subscribing into their Gold user program. I think it is about $ per month.
    It’s incredible no body in this feed has mention Nominatim API    wiki.openstreetmap/wiki/Nominatim    openstreetmap  Nominatim   OpenStreetMap Wiki Nominatim is based on openstreetmap    openstreetmap    openstreetmap  OpenStreetMap the wikipedia of location data.  It givest you data about different categories of POIs (Point of Interest) such as bars  pubs  night clubs  theaters and much more.. In addition you can make all the operations of geo coding or reverse geo coding. It is completly free just like openstreetmap.
    The best in my humble opinion is R or Rstudio. With R you can make stunning visualizations of pretty much any kind of data. Location data  multidimensional records  time series   you name it you got it.  Yes  learning R is a long investment and takes patience but at the end it largely pays off.  Check this blog here to have an idea of what you can do with R :    flowingdata    flowingdata   FlowingData
    I would use Google Earth to visualize the socio economic data. The reason why is that with Google Earth you can represent points lines and superfices or planes.  If you have demographic data on how much a certain population group earns per year or their level of education you can visualize the data in Google Earth by wrapping the data with KML tags :    developers.googlekml/documentation/kmlreference    google   KML Reference  |  Keyhole Markup Language   |  Google Developers  If you have the administrative areas then you can first draw the borders of those areas and represent a certain quantity with nuances of colors. Just as in the following map where the data observed where repesented on a grid .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg       caba    e d ae c f  a  f.webp   Happy Learning : )
    The best open source tools for a data scientist are R (Rstudio)  Python  Java and Javascript programming.  If you are not so much on programming languages (even this would compromise your reputation as a data scientist) then you can try    www.tableau    tableau   Tableau Software . It has a nice looking dashboard that allows you apply algorithms to the data and in general to implement your analysis without typing a line of code.  If you want to apply some machine learning algorithms you can use WEKA :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java . You can use its GUI (graphic user interface) for you to have a look at your analysis results.  Happy learning : )
    Yes  you can use Git from command line and the same is true for Github. You can do that for any workspace  be it an Eclipse  IntelliJ IDEA workspace or a Xcode workspace. I do it many times especially for web frontend projects.  All you have to do is locate the folder of your project in Xcode and open it in git bash. Follow the steps :   Make a “git init  there to initialize it.   Then if you have a repository online and want to push it in Github you just have to add the files to your staging area by using “git add .      Then you can make a commit by using “git commit  m ““comment on commit type      Finally you have to tell git the remote repository in Github. You can do that by typing “git add remote “ URL of repo in github      The last thing to do is push your project into remote repo by saying :  “git push  u origin master    In the repo on github are alredy listed the commands you have to type    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a dad d b c ea bf b ab 7e caabf.webp   Happy learning!
   Now Google has a free course for developing progreesive web apps . You can find it here :    developers.googleweb/ilt/pwa/    google   Progressive Web Apps Training  |  Web   |  Google Developers  There you find all the material and code you need for learning progressive web apps.
   Here you find everything you Need to know    builtwithMedium     builtwith   MEDIUM  Technology Profile on BuiltWith
    Here you go :    builtwithquora     builtwith   QUORA  Technology Profile on BuiltWith
      Find out yourself by using this online tool :    builtwithFacebook.cm    builtwith   FACEBOOK.CM Technology Profile on BuiltWith
    As you are talking about tech skills for front end developers I would advice to learn Bootstrap :    getbootstrap    getbootstrap   Bootstrap · The world's most popular mobile first and responsive front end framework.  Of course that implies that you know HTML   CSS and Javascript. All those skills are a must for a front end web developer.  jQuery also would help you very much in order to be productive. If you want to make UIs try    jqueryui    jqueryui   jQuery UI and if you are on mobile apps then JQuery mobile is what you may need :    jquerymobile    jquerymobile   jQuery Mobile  As a front end developer there are many javascript libraries you will need such as    leafletjs    leafletjs   Leaflet — an open source JavaScript library for interactive maps for visualizing location data or    d js/    d js  D .js   Data Driven Documents for applications that deal with many data in their front end.
    If you want to stay online then try    www.datacampcourses/free introduction to r    datacamp   Free Introduction to R Programming Online Course from Data Camp which is free . And there is also the intermediate version :    www.datacampcourses/intermediate r    datacamp   R Programming Tutorial Course   Intermediate which charges you a small fee.
      I like this site here :    www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/    ntu.edu.sg  yet another insignificant Programming Notes There you find different algorithms implemented in Java  C and C++. And then of course the very famous :    www.amazonAlgorithms th Robert Sedgewick/dp/      X    amazon   Algorithms ( th Edition): Robert Sedgewick  Kevin Wayne:         : Amazon : Books
      In the Quora post below  you find a page where I have listed some  links on those resources on statistics .  There are also some links about statistical analysis done by using R programming.     algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Give to each feature a number .  For example : very satisfied =   satisfied =   neutral =    dissatisfied =    but you can choose any interval of descending numbers.  Once that you have this you can calculate the mean (or weighted mean if you like) for every case and then go back and substitute the missing values with the mean (you finded previously) for that case.  More in detail: if from the     people that have answered the question X you are missing   answers (missing values)  then take the mean that you calculated as I indicated and give it to the missing values. Of course you have to translate it first. So if the mean you find is equal to     that will corrispond to “neutral  and a mean equal to   seems more likely to be “very satisfied .
      One of those largely unknown facts of WW  is the one that inspired the movie :   imdbtitle/tt     /    imdb   Land of Mine (   ) This movie is based on real events and tells the story of German POWs sent to clear mines in Denmark after World War II.  There are no reliable statistics  but it is believed that more than       German soldiers were forced to remove mines from the danish coasts  and nearly half of them lost their lives or limbs.  Many of them were only teenagers conscripted by Hitler in the last days of the war.
      You have to know a good tool of data processing. During your experiments you have at some point to analyse data and make a graphic representation of it. If R programming (or Python) is too much for you  then you have to know at least Excel. Have a good knowledge of Excel is must for most of new PhD students.  This would imply that you know good statistics at least descriptive statistics. Here is a good course on that    www.edx/course/introduction statistics descriptive uc berkeleyx stat x?awc=  _       7_   aa ae ca bd  c  f fae7b ;source=aw;utm_content=text link;utm_medium=affiliate_partner;utm_source=aw;utm_term=   _VigLink+Content    edx  Introduction to Statistics: Descriptive Statistics  As a PhD you need to write your results and publish your results. A good tool online for that purpose is Overleaf.    www.overleaf    overleaf   Overleaf: Real time Collaborative Writing and Publishing Tools with Integrated PDF Preview . To use it you have to know Latex markup language so this is also something you want to learn.  Presenting your results by using a power point presentation is aslo a skill that every PhD student must have. Not always this part is easy  specially if you dont master good fluent English or if you are an introvert and dont like that much to talk in front of other researchers. A good online tool for that is    prezi    prezi   Presentation Software | Online Presentation Tools | Prezi
     If you know Java  by using Spring you can build you RESTful API . Here is how to do it    spring.io/guides/gs/rest service/    spring.io  Building a RESTful Web Service
     Quora is using recommendation systems in particular user based and item based. The recommendation system recommends a certain type of content to users which they might like based on content that other users have already liked and this is the user based version.  At the base of every recommendation system there is a technique called collaborative filtering. This technique is based on “the underlying assumption that if a person A has the same opinion as a personon an issue  A is more likely to have B's opinion on a different issue than that of a randomly chosen person  as of Wikipedia.  Quora makes recommendations based on content that a set of users have upvoted. Let’s call this set of users X. Then Quora looks for another set of users Y that are similar to X. What does it mean similar ? Well X is similar to Y if the taste of users in X is similar to that of Y. This taste can be modelled as content upvoted  topics followed  users followed and other metrics that only the data scientists at Quora can see. Then they calculate the distance of similarity between X and Y which is usually a metric given by Euclidean distance or Pearson correlation coefficient. As each point of coordinates (topics  upvotes  users follwed) is a multidimensional point in the Euclidean space the distance between X and Y can be calculated. Based on this distance the content can be recommended. Other parameters can be used to refine the system for an ad hoc implementation.  Some companies that use recommendation systems are : Amazon to recommend to its users new items to buy  Facebook to recommend new friends to its users   Netflix which recommends to its users movies they might like
      What you need is growth hacking.  As of Wikipedia growth hacking is is a process of rapid experimentation across marketing channels and product development to identify the most effective  efficient ways to grow a business.  I call it “a combination between data science and marketing tecniques to gain insights about how you can manage to grow a business .  Read about it here :    /topic/Growth Hacking  Growth Hacking and related tools :    /topic/Growth Hacking Tools  Growth Hacking Tools
      Quora is of course using recommendation systems and here is how ( I think ) Quora is doing it.  First thing first: what is a recommendation system?  A user based recommendation system recommends a certain type of content to users which they might like based on content that other users have already liked. A recommendation system is based on a technique called collaborative filtering.  Collaborative filtering itself is based on “the underlying assumption that if a person A has the same opinion as a personon an issue  A is more likely to have B's opinion on a different issue than that of a randomly chosen person  as of Wikipedia.  Many companies already use it and for example :   Amazon use it to recommend to its users new items to buy   Facebook is recommending new friends to its users (as the friends of your friends might be your friends)     Netflix is recommending to its users movies they might like    and Google instead is recomending to its users .. anything : )  As for Quora  it is now a couple of months that I see notifications saying user X upvoted content Y after seeing your upvote.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   fc c   fff  bdcb  c  f b 8.webp   Well  this content recommended to user X is of course based on the fact that you and user X have similar taste. I’m not  % sure about this but I think that Quora is using a recommendation algorithm to do that based on the collaborative filtering technique. Once that two users have a similar taste on a certain thing (which might also be a Quora topic )they are similar and can be used by the system  For calculating the similarity between users Quora might be using Euclidean distance or Pearson correlation coeficent.  Instead an item based recommendation system is based only on the items which were bough together with other items.  There is well presented ( and Python implemented ) example of user and item based recomendation system in this book :    shop.oreillyproduct/ 7          .do    oreilly   Programming Collective Intelligence
   Not all papers have a two column layout. There are many publishers wich use one column layout.  Personally find one column layout less of a pain for adjusting graphics and pictures you have to put through your paper pages.  I have noticed that a two column layout is more common on computer science papers but that is not a rule.
   Here a list of the most important ones :   check the OpenGovFundation web site :    opengovfoundation/?gclid=Cj KEQjww7zHBRCToPSj_c_WjZIBEiQAj8il PFAd  aZpHAtKgnjeDFMxsJFzPOVjke_  oAAi _nUaAilE8P8HAQ    opengovfoundation  The OpenGov Foundation   there is also OpenData for Developmen    od d.net/    od d.net  What we do or     the    okfn/    okfn  Open Knowledge International or    the Open Data from World Bank :    data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank  And here is the manual    opendatahandbook/guide/en/    opendatahandbook  The Open Data Handbook with relaed sandards for you to handle open data .  And if you like to know more about datasets available online have a look at the post below. There I have collected different links ponting to datasets sorted by category of dataset you are looking for.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
     Next to Moldova.
      You can start with this repo here    githubSliqric   /lynda html     github   Sliqric   /lynda html  It is about HTML  structure  sintax and semantics.  Here is also the related video :    www.lyndaHTML tutorials/HTML  Structure Syntax Semantics/     .html    lynda   HTML : Structure  Syntax  and Semantics
   My experience with those mobile frameworks is that jQuery Mobile is better. But this opinion might be comming from my superficial understanding of Bootstrap.  However the first thing to say for answering the question in an optimal way is that the best platform to use is the one you find simpler to use or the one that you know best. You know jQuery MObile ? Then use jQuery Mobile. You have a good understanding of Bootstrap ? Then invest some time on that and learn all it's guts. If you do so  you will find that Bootstrap is better for you.  There are however some differences I have encountered during my path. For example  jQuery Mobile seem to be more suitable for tablets and smaller screens such as smartphones while Bootstrap adapt better going from large screens to smaller ones. So to say it as in marketing they do  with Bootstrap you can capture a larger slice of market.  Also Bootstrap seems to be faster in rendering your content but I haven’t measured this yet.  At the end  if you are a beginner in front end development and don't know much about HTML and CSS I can say that for a mobile application is much better to use jQuery Mobile for its simplicity. It will make you save a lot of time and frustration and in the beginning this is very important.
   There are many places you can start with.  For example  I would start with    coursera     coursera   Coursera | Online Courses From Top Universities. Join for Free Personally enjoyed very much the courses on this data science specialization path :    www.coursera/specializations/jhu data science    coursera  Data Science   Johns Hopkins University | Coursera In coursera you pay per course or you can purchase the whole bunch for a discounted price.  In the last months I tried also Linkedin Learning. Here you can start a trial :    www.linkedinlearning/    linkedin   LinkedIn Learning: Online Courses for Creative  Technology  Business Skills There are many courses on data anlysis and I’m wondering if should I buy a one year access. It seems it is worth the money as they give you unlimited access to all their courses.  Also Udacity seem to be a good place to learn. They offer nano degrees on data analysis such as this one    www.udacitycourse/data analyst nanodegree  nd       udacity   Data Analyst Nanodegree | Udacity Unfortunately I haven’t tried that one yet.  Yet another place I like is    ocw.mit.edu/courses/    mit.edu  OCW Course Index from MIT. It is all free and there are some of the nicest science courses that exist ; )  Finally I will list Udemy :    www.udemydatascience/?gclid=CjwKEAjw qzHBRChloWxgoXDpyASJAB  Io ULy TMCqKoX8rTy WU ZYfLsrdjzBN EaePZ Ez xoC7XXw_wcB;k_clickid=e a fa       7     b   c d    _  8_GOOGLE_NEW AW PROS PROF Business DataAnly Broad EN ENG_._ci_      _._sl_ENG_._vi_PROF_._sd_All_._la_EN_.__sis training_data+analysis+training+online_b_     77    _c;matchtype=b;utm_campaign=NEW AW PROS PROF Business DataAnly Broad EN ENG_._ci_      _._sl_ENG_._vi_PROF_._sd_All_._la_EN_._;utm_content=_._ag_sis training_._ad_     77    _._de_c_._dm__._lo_  _._;utm_medium=udemyads;utm_source=adwords;utm_term=_._pl__._pd__._ti_kwd      7   _._kw_data+analysis+training+online_._    udemy   Data Science A Z™: Real Life Data Science Exercises Included . However be carefull when you choose a course there. It is not granted that the teachers are good or the course gives you what you need.
   It was an ancient kingdom existed   years ago. It’s territory is today part of Russia  Armenia and Georgia.  As an Albanian I would like people not to make any confusion between Albaina (Europe) and Caucasian Albania so here is what you are looking for :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Caucasian_Albania    wikipedia  Caucasian Albania   Wikipedia
   It depends of the application I want to develop.  I will choose R if I want to analyse data  apply some algorithms (clustering or mds ) to those data and make a nice looking pdf report on the fly  maybe with R markdown and knitr.  If I need to build a general purpose application  I prefer Python instead. Specially if need for the application is urgent and I should push the code as soon as possible. I still need to understand a lot of things in Python but that’s work in progress.  However I believe that knowing both the languages helps but it is better to focus just on two or three languages instead of learning “so so  ten programming languages.
  Agree with Kaloyan Kirilov .  Basil was all but mercyful person and given the times in which he lived that is to be understood.  He knew bulgars would come back one day .. but how would he delay that day as much as possible ?  By completly invalidating by  % (blinding them) the bulgarian soldiers he captured and making them turn home with a one eyed solider guiding every    men.  This action was aimed to assure three things :  the blind soldiers would never come back to fight .  they would be a burden for their communities as they had to be feed by somebody     the psychological effect and the trauma caused to the bulgarian population was stronger than would be the death of the same soldiers. Those blind men would have been for many years the living testimony of the horror they suffered from Basil the Bulgar Slayer.
      A boxplot. By using a boxplot you can represent and interval of values with just five numbers. Min max mediana   th quartile and 7 th quartile. Another interesting measure is IQR or interquartile range. More about it and how to use a boxplot here    en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Box_plot    wikipedia  Box plot   Wikipedia
    Sure. Try    coursera     coursera   Coursera | Online Courses From Top Universities. Join for Free or you could try Udacity   udacity     udacity      Free Online Classes ; Nanodegrees  These are however accademic courses. If you want more practical and job oriented courses the    udemy     udemy   Udemy Online Courses   Learn Anything  On Your Schedule probably is a better tool to use. Also LinkedIn learning provides you a great number of courses for a    $ fee per Year.  All' of them release certificates but dont care that much about those. Focus on skills instead.
   THis one here seems pretty good :    www.quandltools/python    quandl   Quandl You have data directly from Quandl the financial data provider through REST API.  And it is free to use which is not bad from a financial point of view ; )  Have also a look at this github repository.     githubwilsonfreitas/awesome quant#python    github   wilsonfreitas/awesome quant  There you should find for sure what you are looking for. Some of those repos have examples ready to use .
      I’m a fan of those largely unknown little tourist attractions that seem to be just out of a fairy tail book so I’m going to indicate some of those places .  But unfortunatly  regarding the Balkans I have only been in Albania and Greece so I can tell about places I have seen in those two countries.  In particular in Albania  there are many things to see but I would single out Berat which is a small (mostly unknown) piece of jewellery ancient and medieval art. Just one fact : Berat’s castle is built in the th century before Christ and there you can find some of the oldest churches and moscheas in the Balkans.  Some pics may give you an idea :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e b b     fbddb e   c  aa f   .webp   The othoman period build bridge :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg be  7c  f a e  fee7f ba    cf7.webp   The old part : Mangalem neighbourhood. It is also a UNESCO site.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg ae  d d ec  d   c  b7bbd c ecac.webp   The castle:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a  7df  d e da   a  7e8a 7b.webp   Here to read more about it :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Berat    wikipedia  Berat   Wikipedia There is alredy somebody talking about Berat on Quora    /What are the best still unknown destinations in Europe/answer/Jirka Kanding  Jirka Kanding's answer to What are the best (still unknown) destinations in Europe?  … and even Telegraph wrote about it here    telegraph.co.uk/travel/lists/The    most beautiful towns in Europe/    telegraph.co.uk  The    most beautiful towns in Europe  In Greece  instead  I would like to recommend Meteora. It is a surreal place just like its name. The picture below gives you an idea : )    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg be d      d 7  df a77 dafd7.webp   but of course you have to visit it yourself to know what i’m talking about.
    Interesting question ! There are many and “Arvanitaki  may be one of those. There should also be “kryekuqi  or as they pronounce it in greek “kriekutsi . It means red head in Albanian. Also “Bithikotsi  should be an arvanite surname.  But I think    /profile/Nick Nicholas   Nick Nicholas is the right person to ask. And he already provided a good answer.
    Earning a PhD is a quite challenging experience.  As of all the challenges you face in life  they change you (hopefully in good) so I think the question makes perfectly sense. As a computer science PhD I can tell my experience.  The main changes I realize in me regard two aspects:   my profession   my personality.   In my profession as an industrial engineer  I learned to do many things I thought were impossible.  I can list things like :   speaking and writting in English    learning to write good code in Java and R    understanding different math models and learning how to apply them in my reseach work    presenting my research's results in different conferences and in front of many other researchers    learning to communicate those results in a clear way and communicate in general with business and accademia people i interfaced during everyday work.   teaching assistance for different computer science courses and helping engineering batchelor students.  Other challenging things include working in team and integrating your work with that of other people.  But what’s most important you learn to change attitude in your work. You basically change your mindset on how to face your reseach work and in general your duty as a PhD   As a person earning a PhD helps you discover your limits.  Everyone have their limits so do you and as a consequence your duty is go beyond those limits.  For doing this is very important to believe in yourself and work hard. However no matter how hard you work  here is fundamental your PhD supervisor's help. I was lucky to have a great supervisior during my PhD period and still have the pleasure to work in his team.  Another experience which can be very rewarding and changes you a lot is travelling. As a PhD student I travelled in different countries to present my research work results. I think that was one of the best parts of being a PhD and in the same time the one that changed me in better.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d7ebe    ad    ebc f7c  da e .webp
    Here is how I used simple statistics for solving my problem.  It is now two years that I’m a commuter going back and forth from Bologna to Reggio Emilia in Italy.  I use the train for my travel as a commuter but the problem is that in Italy trains are always delayed. The reason for this is that the railway network infrastructure is old and requires constant maintenance which in turn causes delays.  There can also be strikes from the Trenitalia employees and in those days many trains are delayed or even cancelled. Another reason for a delay is given by people commiting suicide by deciding to die under a train.  Those delays can make your life as a commuter pretty hard especially if you are a father and husband. So I decided to use my skills as data analyst to try and do something about it in order to organize better my behavior as a commuter .  Being the last two cases (strikes and suicides) imprevedible I decided to consider only the delays caused by maintenance for my analysis.  For the analysis I gathered data from the    viaggiatreno.it/viaggiatrenonew/index.jsp    viaggiatreno.it  Trenitalia   ViaggiaTreno API online services that monitors all the trains travelling in Italy in real time.  There is this repository in github for further instructions if you want to try and make a parser for the API :    githubbluviolin/TrainMonitor/wiki/API del sistema Viaggiatreno    github   bluviolin/TrainMonitor  I did a client that would query the API of    viaggiatreno.it/viaggiatrenonew/index.jsp    viaggiatreno.it  Trenitalia   ViaggiaTreno and take the programed time of arrival of the train in a certain station. I would then confront this with the real time of arrival of the train and by substracting these two times I could calculate the delay of arrival in minutes.  I gathered data everyday for one month but I’m still going on with collecting data. By using those data I calculated the average daily delay which is about   minutes per station and about    minutes per day. However the average will increase as I go on with collecting more data.  Another simple analysis I did was the following : for each day I aggregated the delays by calculating the accumulated delay for the working days of the week as of the graphics below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    7c e8a  ce    7ed       b8f.webp   In the same way I aggregated the delays on the work days for the Reggio Emilia station.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7b        df7 8fc  b bde f   .webp   Looking carefully to the graphics it seems to me that a pattern of delay emmerges. For both the stations there is a higher total delay on Thursday while for the Reggio Emilia station there is also Friday to consider.  Going further with the analysis and aggregating the data for each hour of the day I discoverd which trains are those that tend to get delayed more frequently.  Knowing this information helped me adjust myself by organizing my day as a commuter accordingly.  As for the strikes I try to read the press and get informed.  Edit: there is a great example of visualizing train data (Boston subway system)    mbtaviz.github.io/    github.io  Visualizing MBTA Data
    Albania.  George Castriot also known as Scanderbeg is the national hero of Albanians.  He is known for uniting all the albanian nobles under his leadership and rule and protecting Albania from the Othoman invadors for    years .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  c 8d       bec  dcc 7 8d   7.webp   Here his story and dids :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Skanderbeg    wikipedia  Skanderbeg   Wikipedia
    I had this problem also when doing a request to    randomuser.me/    randomuser.me  Random User Generator in Vue.js . The resource I had to parse was in    api.randomuser.me/?results=       randomuser.me  api.randomuser.me/?result... '  In my case I solved it by just adding an ‘s’ to the http request thus resulting in    api.randomuser.me/?results=       randomuser.me  api.randomuser.me/?results=    '  Hope this can help you.
      Definetly!  See R programing  is the language of data science. It makes applying algorithms to your data easy as a piece of cake and there are many packages you can use to implement your algorithmic methods and analysis.  Moreover R is expanding also on other purpose as reporting and web developement. It is not a case R is widely used at Google’s reseach centers.
    Yes  in general the universities in Italy are pretty good.  Professors are well prepared in their objects and field and there is also a lot of collaboration with the industry on research projects.  I got my batchelor degree and MSc degree at the university of Modena and Reggio EMilia. It is one of the top ten universities in Italy as of sole  ore index .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   b   87aee f  bf becc 7e     .webp   Some of the industrial partners of the University Of Modena and Reggio Emilia those are : Ferrari  Landini and Lamborghini just to bring the most famous ones.  Of course the best universities (such as Bocconi  University of Milan  Politecnico of Turin ) are located at northern Italy but also in south you can also find some good universities such as university of Catania.  There are some fees you have to pay in order for you to access the courses but you can also get a grant depending on your economic situation and your performance as a student.
  Esperanto. It was created following latin langiage which is now a dead language. If it is just for fun then you can learn it.  Some people say that it should be the “lingua franca  (highly improbable) of the world but for now english is in charge of that title.
    The european union is not a religious project  rather an economic and geo politic one so religion has nothing to do with it. Albania and Kosovo are european countries  they are in Europe and they will join EU sooner or later.  I agree that Albania is the country which has less problems compared to Kosovo or any other state in the western balkans. For example Bosnia has internal ethnic problems  Serbia has many problems with Croatia already an EU member  FYROM has problems with Greece due to its name  Kosovo has problems of recognition with Serbia. Probably Montenegro and Albania are the two joining the EU first.
    No. Instead it benefits me in different ways.  I enjoy my time spent answering Quora questions. They help me keep up to date with my written english.  I also have the opportunity to know people that think in the same way as me but most importantly people that think in a different way from me. This fact helps me to acknowledge that there are people whose oppinion has to be respected anyway. Quora in this sense helps create a sense and self awareness of shared democracy.
    I dont know about p values but for sure training a neural netwok are needed a lot of data and also a lot of features. You cant train the model with just a few hundred lines of data.  This could however vay from application to application.  Also  one of the problems with neural networks is their black box nature which does not permit a fully understanding of their way of functioning thus the resut may be unclear. Personally I avoid them and opt of simpler methods such as tree classifiers and bayesian statistics.
    There are many answers in this feed listing Italy as n th economic power  PPP  GDP etc.. and Italy stands in respectabe position.  However there are many other things money can’t buy. Health is one of those. Italians are the healthest people on earth and healthy is wealthy  You can read here :    www.bloombergnews/articles/         /italy s struggling economy has world s healthiest people    bloomberg   Italy’s Struggling Economy Has World’s Healthiest People and here :    sbs .au/yourlanguage/italian/en/article/   7/  /  /italy has been named healthiest country world    sbs .au  Italy has been named the healthiest country in the world  Art and culture and history are also a strong Italian wealth. This art and culture also generate economic weath . Many tourist from all over the world come in Italy to admire its beauty.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg c   fdeb b  c 7f7f       .webp   So we can say that Italy is quite wealthy but most importantly it has a unique combination of wealth few countries have.
    In one word : bad.  The citizens voted in december for a new government but the change of the goverment never happened.    economistnews/europe/      nikola gruevski scandal tarred former prime minister rejects oppositions claims?ah= e    d bc   ebe  f f f   a 7;zid=      economist   A mysterious count: A day later  Macedonians still do not know who won their election | The Economist  The result of elections was a draw between the main parties (left and rigth). Also the Albanian minority parties decided not to ally with the conservatives of Gruevsky (right nationalist). The presented their own platform of political direction and opted for the left of Zaev instead.  However the president Ivanov did not release the mandate to govern to the newly formed government.  That’s becouse the slavo macedonian majority of Gruevsky which elected the president Ivanov thinks that the albanian minority do not deserve to speak their own language and have their own rights. They should be second class citizens and stay forever like that just like in the good old days of Yougoslavia.  Moreover the political situation in FYROM will only get worse . Fyrom has an issue with Greece on the official name dispute. Greece blocked the access of the country in NATO and most likely in EU. This will contribute in stalling the economy even more. As you can see (and as I already said) the situation can be described with one word : bad.
    There are the Nordic coutries to be mentioned. Sweeden in the first place and maybe Denmark as well.  However I would vote for Italy. It is one of those countries in the unconfortable position to partcipate in different peace keeping missions abroad . This should make it a “hated  country among arabs in middle east or north africa. However in Italy there was never a problem with terrorists or similar.  This is due to the diplomatic capacity of this country.  Why ?  It it is a considerable military power but what is most important is the fact that it has a great soft power    en.wikipedia/wiki/Soft_power    wikipedia  Soft power   Wikipedia in cultural and humanitary terms which makes it a champion of diplomacy in the world.
   Read a lot of papers of your field. This will give you an idea of the state of the art in your field.  Starting from there you can try to make a summary(for yourself) or a survey to publish. Then do some experiments and see if it comes out something interesting. Sometimes the direction to take is unclear but you can use serendipity.
     Here you can have an idea of how religious Albania is. My answer on    /How did Albania become a Muslim country  How did Albania become a Muslim country?  Dont get tricked by the title though.
    There are many classifications ranking UK as one of the least corrupted countries in the world.  However we should not forget that UK and London in particular  is a huge financial hub where an enormous quantity of money circulates.  This money can many times have an unknown provenience and some experts say that a large part of it comes from illegal activities.  Here is one of those experts (Roberto Saviano) that argues on this :    independent.co.uk/news/uk/home news/roberto saviano britain corrupt mafia hay festival a     .html    independent.co.uk  A mafia expert has named 'the most corrupt country in the world'
   Yes. An example are the    en.wikipedia/wiki/Janissaries    wikipedia  Janissaries   Wikipedia .  They were mainly young sons of Christian nobles of countries that Murat I sultan of Othoman empire used to invade. Those young boys were the price the nobles had to pay to the sultan for remaining nobles and conserving their status inside the empire. A famous example is also    en.wikipedia/wiki/Skanderbeg    wikipedia  Skanderbeg   Wikipedia
    They all make the same things more or less. So it becomes a matter of initial choice and they you just continue with that. Notepad++ is also good and I was addicted to it until I decided to switch to Brackets for trying a new editor . I like It better till now but if I find another editor which gives me more in terms of readability  simplicity and graphic look and feel I Will switch again.  However they are all good so just learn to be fast with one and and then keep going.
    I vote for Brackets but Atom is also good.  At the end is all up to you .. it depends on how you become dependent on a editor (not compiler) .  At the begining I had a dependence for Notepad++ then I tried Brackets. I decided to switch but is a hard move to make.
   I would say better be a good programmer in two languages that knowing so so five or six languages.  As for the languages I would go for Java and Javascript. Also R is pretty good for data data analysis. SQL is also a must if you handle data in your job.
    I would recommend two places in general:      www.healthdata.gov/    healthdata.gov  HealthData.gov . Its open data.   PEW research    pewresearch/data/download datasets/    pewresearch  Download Datasets is also good but is more on social trends and demographics.
    Here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  Check the blog    algo data.quora   Algorithms and Data Fusion .There are many articles on algorithms and data structures. As you are looking for data it might be interesting.
   Dont call them fyrom ers . They have cultivated the idea that they are descendants of great Alexander. Despite Alexander was greek and had nothing to do nor with slavs or with Albanians which are the two main population groups in fyrom. Its an unconvenient truth people dont like to talk about. So if you like to talk about history dont touch this painful button.
   Java of course. In particular Java Spring framework.
     None of them if its only about the degree that you are asking.  Why ? Becouse in a startup what matters are skills not the degree. Do you have exceptional skills for which the job market goes nuts ? Then a startup goes nuts for you.  A degree instead can be useful for getting you a job in a large multinational company. See startups have a very different culture compared to multinational company or MNC .  For example hierarchy in MNC is vertical while in startups is horizontal :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  bc  c ad   ee 8fa77   f   e.webp   The dress code? Doesn’t matter for startups while in MNC it is mostly a white collar look .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a   ed f   c 78ce cb  c     f f.webp   In the same way  human resources management (if inside a start up exists such a thing) is thinking in a very different way.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      7 da   f  b    f7 cec  d.webp
      The boxplot rule. Here what a boxplot is :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Box_plot    wikipedia  Box plot   Wikipedia  Here the rule :    unc.edu/~rls/s   /class .pdf    unc.edu  unc.edu/~rls/s   /...  I have been using it for my paper on event detection. Only that my purpose was different. Instead of removing the outliers  I had to find them and consider them as interesting data. The hard part was to decide which outliers to keep and which to throw away : )  Here is my work    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection
    Here is a SQL cheat sheet    sql tutorial.net/SQL Cheat Sheet.pdf    sql tutorial.net  sql tutorial.net/SQL ... for you to use in order to have all the commands that you want in your hand. This way you will not force your brain to memorize them all.
     More. He saved me time. Time is money so if he can do a good job in less time then good for him. And in the long run I think he will be the only one working in the town.
      What if I ask you : how do you answer a question which is not a good question ?  So I have to choose between :   answer as if it was a good one   answer by explaining what is wrong with it  You can find out which option I choose by reading my answer.  Albanians have been pagans as all the different populations of the Balkans  then christians  orthodox under the Byzantine empire and catholics under Venetians. During the five centuries of Othoman domination there were build many moschea and also a significant proportion of the population converted to islam.  However  I would not define Albania a muslim country rather a country where four different religious communities live together in peace and reciprocal respect.  Those religious communities are : Muslims sunni Christian Orthodox  Bektashi(Shia) and Christian Catholics.  Below some pictures of the religious temples.  Moschea in Berat Albania     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   dccc dde7ead d    a   b ef7f.webp   Orthodox church in Tirana Albania     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   8e87a   bfc   e a    c  dfda8.webp   Bektashi temple in Tirana  Albania     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      f d    ae e7deed  7bc e  .webp   Catholic church in Albania     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d  ccabb  a   ff   db8a     d.webp   Of course there are some statistics saying that islam is the dominant religion in Albania but only among believers.  The non believers (atheists) are actually the dominant religion if we can call it like this.  As you can see from this statistics of    en.wikipedia/wiki/Importance_of_religion_by_country    wikipedia  Importance of religion by country   Wikipedia in Albania there is only   % of the population which considers the religion important against  % which considers it unimportant.  Now among those religious communities exists a spirit of respect and collaboration which have little to no precedent in other countries.  This is I think the most representive image of how religion is perceived in Albania.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b8a7 cb b  8d    d de  b   f  .webp   The leaders of Albania's four main religions in Paris  after the Charlie Hebdo attacks  in     ..from left to right: Sunni  Orthodox  Bektashi  and Catholic.  I hope I explained myself what I mean why you can’t call Albania a muslim or christian country.  It never become one.
     Yes it was. In many aspects. From the people loving the great leader to the image of the leader himself.  You can find a more extensive description here    /What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania  What were the standards of life like in Socialist Albania?
     There is no big difference between them. A personal view : I like JSFiddle better.  Another online editor but this time for bootstrap templates is    bootply    bootply   Bootstrap Editor and Playground for JavaScript  CSS  HTML  and jQuery.
     Facebook's data of course. You can query the API of Facebook to get this types of data. But due to restrictions in their policies of data management is not that Easy to get all' the graph that you are looking for.
        /Why are Greeks Bulgarians and Albanians so jealous of FYRoM  Why are Greeks  Bulgarians  and Albanians so jealous of FYRoM? Maybe we should ask first if they are ? Are they ?  Yes they are  and let's see why.   They are becouse the GDP per capita of Albania  Bulgaria and Greece combined is not even half the GDP of Macedonia.   Macedonia is one of the most developed countries in the world. Macedonia is member of NATO and an EU member since it left Yougoslavia.     Macedonia has a democratic government and is one of the less corrupted countries in the world. Its economy is one of the most flourishing in the region and the growth rate is aroung    % per year.    It is one of the countries that has the strongest cultural influence in the world. Infact the next trendy language to learn is macedonian.    It also has a strong culture of good neighbourhood relationships with Greece  Albania  Kosovo  Serbia and Bulgaria.  As you see .. how could they not be jealous of such macedonian achivements.  Did I say Macedonia ? Ups!! I mean FYROM : )
     I have been almost anywhere in Italy  so I have been in Adriatic Sea   Tirrenian and Ionion Sea but the warmest for me is the Sea in Sicily in particular the southern part.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   7f  eea a      e  8c c 7e7.webp   In Pozzallo in particular in August the Sea is pretty warm.
      The Tuareg culture is one of those ancient cultures.     en.wikipedia/wiki/Tuareg_people    wikipedia  Tuareg people   Wikipedia  The Tuareg live mostly in the Sahara desert.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   e    e7fea   f      c  ffe   .webp   Despite islam the women are pretty independent from men inside marriage.  For example in this culture women are allowed to have multiple sexual partners outside of marriage  keep all their property on divorce and they also dont wear the veil so to cover their faces as some muslim women do.  Instead there are men required to cover their faces as you can see from the picture below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   cb   f  adbd  d ddbb  7c  .webp
      I know this repository listing some APIs of    githubtoddmotto/public apis#health    github   toddmotto/public apis on health data and diabetes in particular.  There is also a flu track to map the Influenza like symptoms with geotracking.  And here is a post I did some time ago on datasets .    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  I have however updated it now and then. There you can find many types of datasets and also a dataset of   year of Fitbit tracker activity. However the disease dataset is a little difficoult to obtain due to privacy restringements.  I hope you find what you are looking for.
    Of course you do. You need to know at least five or six of them. Here are some of the most important :  Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.  Clustering  :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes.  Classification algorithms.  Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour ) Also for classification algorithms you can use Weka as it provides up to   different classifiers.  PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset.  Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed  Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.  Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that tunna fish is purchased together with tooth paste frequently .  You can also visualize those algorithms   I mean visualize their iteration steps. Here an article on that :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Here is my top ten :  Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.  Clustering  :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes.  Classification algorithms.  Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour ) Also for classification algorithms you can use Weka as it provides up to   different classifiers.  PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine  Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed  Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.  Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that tunna fish is purchased together with tooth paste frequently .  LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai  Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.  Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life.  A good way to understand algorithms is to visualize them.    algo data.quora   Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining  F or more on that try    algo data.quora   Algorithms and Data Fusion
   In the following page    www.w schoolsjs/js_examples.asp    w schools   www.w schoolsjs/js_... there are some examples that are handy to use when needed for quick adaptation of pages and code .  They are very usefull Javascript pieces of code also for beginners to understand how Javascript works.  In addition to w school there is also another site that brings some nice examples in Javascript :    www .ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/webprogramming/JavaScript_Introduction.html    ntu.edu.sg  JavaScript Tutorial: The Basics  And if you what to try the code in your computer this site pages provide very handy “select  buttons to select and copy the code and use it as you think is better for you.  This site also provides a section about debugging the Javascript code which I find indispensable if you want to go on with your study.
   I’m not a Javascript developer but for me w schools proved to be very valuabe resource while learning Javascript as a beginner.  There I got the first lines of code and the “Try it yourself  editor was also very useful for making you edit the code and see the changes in real time. Also the examples of code in the “Examples  section  for user input  DOM  Objects and events are I think pretty well explained and easy to undestand.  Finally it is just what a beginner needs to start with Javascript.  I however agree with developers that if one wants to proper learn Javascript coding should integrate the path with much more materials.
   There are many songs I like in different languages I dont speak.  But there is one in particular that kind of sounds me familiar. It is the Israeli entry on Eurovision     . All I know is that the song is called “Kan .  Even I dont speak Israeli language (it should be very very hard to learn it) I sort of understand it in my own way : )  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/g HXelvBj  ?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= g HXelvBj    style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/g HXelvBj  / .jpg');   /div
   Albanian people and society suffer from a light form of racism fuelled by a combination of close mindedness  “Oh my god! what other people will think about it!?  and acceptation problems.  Just like the west europian and american society in     albanians are a little afraid of black or yellow skin and due to ignorance consider those races inferior.  But I think it is a common problem in Balkans and not only in Albania. Albanian society needs time to evolve and accept that the world is not made only of white people.  So if we would make a simple statistics (based only on my impression : ) ) there is about  % of Albanians that do not approve interracial marriages  another    percent that approve them but not inside their famity (those are great hypocrites) and probabily another    percent that approve with all their heart.  Those percentages may vary inside the different age groups of the population that go from  –       –   and  –   years old.  However being the albanians a population of mainly young people the cultural trend is that of deploring racism and discrimination and accepting people as they are  with their coloured skin and traits.
   Here is my top algorithms list :  ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes.    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to.    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips frequently . An implementation of association rules can be used by installing Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.    Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life.   These are the algorithms that make my list. They combine with each other to create more sophisticated methds such as spectral clustering so it is enough to know those for having a general understanding of data science and data mining in general.  There is more material about algorithms and data visualization in my blog :    algo data.quora   Algorithms and Data Fusion such as    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  In a more implementation oriented fashion there is    algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  /li  /ol
   Here is a list of Albanian books :    goodreadslist/show/ 7 .Albanian_Books    goodreads   Albanian Books (  books) Some of those are in english but the majority is in Albanian.  They also have a modest price  something like     $ each.  Enjoy : )
   The name of the Greek godess Aphrodite in Albanian Aferdita.  While in Greek It has no meaning in Albanian it means near the light of day  where afer = near and dita = day and also drita = light. Aphrodite or Venus in latin is the star that can bè seen just before the dawn so it is near the light of the day.
   I also agree with the    /What language do bilinguals think in or is it both/answer/Dương Đạt    Dương Đạt's answer to What language do bilinguals think in or is it both?  When you are proficient in a language then it becomes your thoughts language. However  when you are in a strong emotional situation for example when you mad with somebody or fight then your mother tongue comes out from the inconscious mind.
    Albania is of strategic importance for the NATO and US in particolar. But there are not many things to say unfortunatly. Albania is struggeling to respect the NATO constraint of spending  % or GDP to defence and not even that.  And again Albania is sending troops in Afganistan and maybe in Iraq also. .. So there is a certain commitment by albanians to deserve the place in NATO club.  But there is also a hilarious anecdote a romanian guy told me about the Albanian admission to NATO.  So there was the NATO summit in Bucuresht if I’m not wrong. There is the NATO commission asking to the Albanian commission.  NATO  : “So Albania  you want to join NATO ?   Albania : “Yes  we are so exited!   NATO : “Joining NATO will give you the possibility to upgrade your army and so on and so forth.. There are many things NATO will give you . But what are you giving to NATO?    Albania : “Ehm.. one tank!   NATO:  “What? just one tank ?!    Albania:  “Ok  we will give you both of them.    Despite some sorrow for my country for me it was just hilarious the first time I heard it.
   I like this video about the Concorde supersonic plane.    www.facebookezraklein/videos/            /    facebook   Ezra Klein   I've been wondering this for awhile. Great...  Mainly it blames the business model for the Concorde discontinuing  but also the termendous noise and other problems.
   There are many difficoult aspects of the Italian language that are already touched by the previous answers but for me the most difficoult thing to get right was (and at some extent still is : ) ) the pronunciation.  In particular that of the double letters such as “ll   “tt   “mm   “nn    “pp  which are prolonged in their pronunciation compared to their single counterparts “l   “t   “m   “n   “p .  So for example for me “capelli  which means hair and “cappelli  that means hats was the same thing.  But the worse mistake to make was “anni  years and “ani  anuses .  If you dont pronounce the word “anni  correctly instead of asking “How old are you?   in italian you ask “How many years you have ?  or “Quanti anni hai?   you risk to ask “How many anuses you have ?   In which case the obvious answer would be one : ).
   Here is an article from telegraph that can give you a first impression :    telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/europe/albania/articles/tirana albania what to see and do on a weekend break/    telegraph.co.uk  Tirana  Albania: What to see and do on a weekend break  Of course you have to go there and verify yourself : )  Edit.  There is an interesting article from Alastair Campbell former spokesman of Tony Blair which seem to be in love with Albania . I thought it may be relevant . Here you find it :    alastaircampbell/blog/   7/ 7/  /if you havent booked a holiday yet you should try albania promise/    alastaircampbell  If you haven’t booked a holiday yet  you should try Albania. Promise
   This article from telegraph  might give you an idea :    telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/europe/albania/articles/tirana albania what to see and do on a weekend break/    telegraph.co.uk  Tirana  Albania: What to see and do on a weekend break
   Check Quora topic on Albania here    /topic/Albania  Albania . There you find the followers of this topic which are mainly Albanians.
   I have started with this one here :    jqfundamentalschapter/jquery basics    jqfundamentals   jQuery Fundamentals :: jQuery Basics which is a pretty good guide to start with JQuery.  As an alternative to the guide above you can use UDEMY online courses . There you can also find JQuery courses for   –  $.
   To design an API you should know OOP and many software engineeing patterns of programming such as Observer  Factory  MVC  DAO etc..  Other concepts that are important knowledge for building an API are Dependency Injection and Aspect Oriented Programming.  The fundamental however is REST. You should abssolutely know REST architecture in order to make a service available or make an API.  You can read here more about REST :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Representational_state_transfer    wikipedia  Representational state transfer   Wikipedia  Good frameworks that you can use for bulding a REST architecture are Spring Framework and Java Enterprice or J EE.
   I have been living the first    years of my life under the comunist regime in Albania  the socialism building system.  To go strait at point the standards were not that bad. We must however identify two significant moments for the living standars in Albania.  Immediately after the war the living conditions were bad as in the rest of balkans. Albania was the last country to leave othoman empire so it was even worse. A “left behind  country in many aspects of human life as you can see in the foto below that of an cows market.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   7c cf8a     d b  ac8  .webp   After the war there was some attempt by the comunist government to improve the living conditions but there were many things to do. The land reform was one of those. They(govenment) proposed to take part of the agricultural land from big owners and give it to small farmers.  However the comunist govenment decision to stay out of Marshall plan and refuse help from outside was a bad one for the already devastated population that was just out of the war.  There was a significant improvement of the life standards only in the sixties with mass vaccination  measures to take the population out of analfabetism and the poverty.  However from a society development point of view and woman emancipation it took some time to go from this :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   a       b b b ed d c fde  .webp   to this :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  f  be d 7a d7e dfb  77 7e d c  .webp   Also in the sixties the electrification of the country was over and the first railways where build. Below a picture from the movie of the socialism realism “White Ways  .    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e  dc  ac     7e  8e   eed .webp   Metalurgic and textile industies also were build and this contributed in improving people’s life.  Albanians started to work in those fabrics and industries and they got support from the comunist state for housing and children care like kinder gardens  primary schools and so on..    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  fed d c fa d  fc8f   dd  ce  .webp   Also the first Albanian university was created in the first years of the fifties if I remember well  but the picture below should be a little later.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     b f f d f ad  f bde c .webp   However life standards were much different in the rural part of the country compared to the urban one as you can see below:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg      cceaef8bb c8  bf   b .webp   and here:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7 b 8b b  ff8f  b de  c b   be.webp   Though the comunist propaganda was that of the collaboration between the “workers class  and the “farmers class  the reality was many times very different. To unsettele from the rural areas and move to cities was almost impossible though the “social lift  used to work well in some cases. For example the sons of farmers could go to university and have a good job as a consecuence. Below you can see how was the “Romance  period seen between two young people : ) in a socialism realism movie.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg fdd dc a b ff d a d  d f   bd.webp   Another evident gap in terms of life quality existed between the capital and the other cities. Tirana had exclusive services. It had the airport which was the only civil airport in Albania. Tirana was also much better served by public buses  trains  many cultural activities took place there and it had also a night life. In the other cities was almost impossible to have what Tirana had.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  fb    b    8a b e7  cda e 7.webp   So let’s say that life standards improved significatly in the twenty years from the sixties to the eighties.  In terms of welfare state it means “maternity payed live  for mothers  two weeks of holidays per year in a holiday house by the sea or mountain for every family  free health care (hospital  dentist  vaccination   doctors) free university and schools in general. In terms of society development it meant a   % percent of the population had a level of education above high school or first level batchelor degree. Also closing down the religious cult in Albania had a positive impact on society development though many would disagree with this.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  7b  c 7fc e aa ad    f  c .webp   The second significant moment for the living standars in Albania was in the eighties when life started to get worse mainly becouse the isolament of the country and the comunism politics of self sustainment.  Cutting politic and economic ties with USSR and China resulted in fewer commercial inter change and economic stall. Some compare the situation in Albania of that time with what is today North Korea. Probably it was similar at some extent.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  c  7aa ac8f  f bb  fa     b8d  .webp   So at some point only primary items such as bread  oil and potatos were available in the shops.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   bfb dad b e    bc   a e   cb.webp   Another worsening happened in the last years of the comunist regime with the great fall…    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  bcdde b7a b   d c 7     b   .webp   ..and the great live :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   bbf   a  fc  f     c  8e  bd  .webp   ..but as always happens with cycles of life it took just –  years of transition and life standards started improving again in the second part of the nineties.  Since then they kept improving.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  fa    eaef 7cca ff   ff8  e.webp
   I can bring my experience to answer your question. I live in Italy since    studying and working .  After   years I have integrated in italian society  my spouse is italian  my son is born in Italy.  Italian people are tolerant towards your customs so no problem about that. But of course you have to know very good italian language and culture in order to be taken seriously at public offices or working place. It is not easy to learn all those things however and it takes time and the passion of a tiredless learner.  But after so much time passed here I have learned one important thing. It is not that much about them to consider you italian. It is much more about yourself. I mean it is how much you consider yourself italian that matters.   DO you know about Italian culture  food  history  religion  fashion  art and poetry ? DO you know about Dante  Michelangelo  Da Vinci  Leopardi ? This knowledge is fundamental on what I have to say later. Please follow my reasoning. Of course for the law you are not an italian citizen but there are some laws of nature that in some cases are stronger than the laws of the people. And this is one of those cases. I mean  what kind of italian is somebody that only eats pasta without knowing the history behind it and the gastronomy culture in general ? I can bring many other examples but I think you got the point.  So at the end  one can be italian to satisfy other people and be accepted but is much more important to satisfy youself. This satisfaction comes from all the knowledge I mention above and it will create self awareness in you at somepoint.  If you are aware of yourself being italian then you dont need that much other’s people approval. This way you will be true to yourself ….and the people will notice that. If you feel Italian is becouse you probably are.
    My answer to this question has a two fold aim .  First : demonstrate that this question is a bad one;  Second  : formulate a better one and try to answer.  Lets start with the first point : why this is a bad question? Here are some points that cannot be discussed.   in general  you can’t compare Yougoslavia to Italy. From a antropologic point of view is a totally different story and very different culture  society  religion and so on. This is also the reason why I think the Dimitris Almyrantis (   /profile/Dimitris Almyrantis  Dimitris Almyrantis ) answer is wrong and useless.   Different government system. Yougoslavia was a comunist dictatorship while Italy have a democratic system based on capitalism principles. Though it may sound like a a point in favor of Yougoslavia we know that dictatures sooner or later tend to end in a violent way while open and democratic systems tend to have a longer life. However this last point can be open to discuss. Furthermore Italy is not a federal union as Yougoslavia was. In Italy there is a strong central government.     Six different ethnic groups like : serbs  slovens  croats  albanians  hungarians and bosniaks and the three very different religions in which those groups affiliate. Not to mention other minorities such as turks  bulgarians  roma etc..    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  be de    bb  c8f  a c      .webp     Cultural heritage: almost  % of all the UNESCO sites are in Italy and those sites and monuments are wide spread in the country. This is a cultural glue that also contributes to keep the coutry together other than providing a strong national identity.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     cebe 7bc c  d   c b8c   .webp   Lets go now to the second point. I would formulate the question as follows :  what are the points in which Italy can be compared to Yougoslavia and why it ended up as it ended in Yougoslavia ?   Italy was similar to Yougolsavia about   hundred years ago but only becouse the different rules and regions were divided. As I said in number  there was a great cultural glue which at the end contributed to unify it definitively. Not to mention here the religion and commercial ties between the different states compounding the Italic penisula..    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg       b  7aac 8c e  f    f.webp    Italy has a strong central govenment and Yougoslavia had a strong central one (controlled mainly by serbs) until Tito quite logically decided to change it. Otherwise the division of Yougoslavia would have happened    year earlier of what it happened. However in the new federal yougoslav constitution there was a different organization of the state. So the different republics had greater rights. Serbs tried to restore the old constitution after the Titos death but it was too late.     Pressure from outside. Similarly to Yougoslavia  Italy can be and is influenced by other countries i.e. USA but I belive that this pressure is more about international politics and not internal politics. Unlike Italy  Yougoslavia had more internal pressure to be divided than an external one. Those pressures are due to the factors listed in the first point. External pressure by the international community in Yougoslavia started only when the war and ethnic cleansing started to be evident. This pressure was mainly to force Serbia to find an agreement with Croatia over Bosnia (Dayton agreements) and later on with Albanians of Kosovo to restore the old autonomic status the Kosovo region had during Titos rule. As we know Serbia had abolish it in    and attached the Kosovo region to the Serbian republic.  So  at the end  the two countries had a number of similarites that could lead to the erroneous attempt to compare them  but in reality they are very very different for the reasons I listed.
   A data scientist can work on mant projects but one of the main purposes of data science is to study human behavior.  When we talk about modern human behavior is all about shoping patterns  mobility patterns  social networks and so on.. Of course the social data can reveal many of the behaviors mentioned above. People that buy smething would often post also about their new something whether smartphone   laptop or holiday.  So I think one of the most important APIs a data scientiest must know how to use is social APIs such as facebook  instagram  twitter.  About this  a useful github repository collecting available APIs can be find here :    githubtoddmotto/public apis    github   toddmotto/public apis: A collective list of public JSON APIs for use in web development. There are many APIs and not only social but also fitness data  weather forcast data  shopping  security  health data and many more.
   You can use this project in github which is called freegeoip :    githubfiorix/freegeoip/releases/    github   Releases · fiorix/freegeoip · GitHub  Another more simple use of it is to go here :    freegeoip.net    freegeoip.net  freegeoip.net  Once that you go there you will see your ip address next to the url of the site.  For example the url    freegeoip.net/json/github     freegeoip.net  freegeoip.net/json/github... has an ip address of  pre class= prettyprint linenums prettyprinted  style=    ol class= linenums   li class= L      .  .   .   /li  li class= L   standing to this JSON object here :  /li  li class= L   { ip :    .  .   .     country_code : US   country_name : United States   region_code : CA   region_name : California   city : San Francisco   zip_code :       time_zone : America/Los_Angeles   latitude : 7.7    longitude :    .    metro_code : 7} /li  /ol  /pre
   I spoted this course on Udemy    www.udemyrestful web service with spring boot/learn/v /overview    udemy   Restful Web Service with Spring Boot   Udemy in case you want to use Spring framework.  If you want to use J EE instead then you might try this other one :    www.udemylearn json with java apis jquery and rest/learn/v /overview    udemy   JSON with Java APIs  jQuery and REST Web Services
   Try the dataset released by the Quora blog    data.quora   Data @ Quora here :    data.quoraFirst Quora Dataset Release Question Pairs  First Quora Dataset Release: Question Pairs by Kornél Csernai on Data @ Quora  They are trying to find an efficient way to identify duplicate questions of the same meaning.  There is also this post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion I wrote some time ago which collects links pointing to different dataset including text data for text mining analysis.
   I just discovered the    data.quora   Data @ Quora blog. As you can undestand it is from Quora ; ) . There they will release different dataset in many different areas such as machine learning  natural language processing etc..  The first one they released is :    data.quoraFirst Quora Dataset Release Question Pairs  First Quora Dataset Release: Question Pairs by Kornél Csernai on Data @ Quora  It is about detecting duplicate questions. By analysing this dataset duplicate questions should be identified.  Having duplicate question pages generates inefficency. So Quora need an automated way of detecting if pairs of question text actually correspond to semantically equivalent queries.  Another data blog you can explore is    algo data.quora   Algorithms and DataFusion . There you find the following post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion I wrote some time ago which collects links pointing to different dataset including text data for text mining analysis.  I’m trying to keep the post updated when I find new datasets available online for free.
   The most funny thing about balkan region and the countries it contains are shared words and shared gastronomy. Many words and dishes are inherited from the good old    en.wikipedia/wiki/Ottoman_Empire    wikipedia  Ottoman Empire   Wikipedia days. I hope you can catch my irony here : )  For example Rakia    en.wikipedia/wiki/Rakia    wikipedia  Rakia   Wikipedia . You can find it all over Balkans with the same name (except for Greece that calles it tsipuro) . It is a spirit as you can read from the wikipedia article and it is common of all balkan countries.  Also another one is white cheese.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Feta    wikipedia  Feta   Wikipedia .. they call it “feta  in Greece but it is pretty much the same in all other countries such as Albania  Bulgaria  Montenegro  Croatia   Romania and Serbia.  In addition to that there are sweets like “bakllava     en.wikipedia/wiki/Baklava    wikipedia  Baklava   Wikipedia which are very popular in the different countries specially in the southern part of Balkan and in particular FYROM  Albania  Greece  Bulgaria.  And again words such as “akoma  common to greek and albanian language  “mace  common to albanian and slavic language  “filxhan  common to albanian and turkish language end so on and so forth..  Another funny thing about Balkans is also the fact that countries that share land borders have bad relations . I wrote about it here :    /What do the Balkan nations think of each other What are the stereotypes/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What do the Balkan nations think of each other? What are the stereotypes?  Also a pretty funny map about claims and sentences that irritate the balkan states is the following :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg fd d7edae  7 af af  e 7b   ba.webp   Please not that there is no phrase that would irritate Albanians. Simply not true : )  An irritating phrase for Albanians would be “Scanderbeg is Bulgarian!  or Greek or Serbian.  Pretty funny region Balkans huh ?
   I just wrote a post about Collective Awareness applications here :    algo data.quoraCollective intelligence applications  Collective intelligence applications by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Those are CAPs(Collective Awareness Platforms) that will be presented during the conference on CAPs in April. For more info you can go here :    ec.europa.eu/digital single market/en/collective awareness    europa.eu  Collective Awareness Platforms for Sustainability and Social Innovation
   You may find interesting this post:    algo data.quoraCollective intelligence applications  Collective intelligence applications by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  I wrote it recently and it is about the CAPs (Collective Awarenees Platforms) presented in european commission page on CAPs    ec.europa.eu/digital single market/en/collective awareness    europa.eu  Collective Awareness Platforms for Sustainability and Social Innovation  There are about   examples of recent applications.  Also a good paper to read on collective intelligence and collective awareness is    sloanreview.mit.edu/article/the collective intelligence genome/    mit.edu  The Collective Intelligence Genome  I hope this answers your question though in an intrins way.
    You can invest in startup equity during public crowdfunding campaigns . It is risky but also high rewarding. For example you can use    seedrs     seedrs   Seedrs | Invest online in startups via equity crowdfunding .  There you can find startups and brand new companies  read their Business Plan and related docs and decide to invest.  There is also    mymicroinvest     mymicroinvest   MyMicroInvest and    crowdcube     crowdcube   Online investing  equity crowdfunding  business finance : Crowdcube  There are many other crowdfunding platforms known more at a country level. For example in Italy there is    crowdfundme.it    crowdfundme.it  crowdfundme.it
    Nominatim is one of those I use most ..and of course Google Maps.  Also a very interesting one is    what words     what words   what words | Addressing the world  They map the parts of the world where no addresses can be used such as jungle or desert.
   It depends of what I’m doing in that particular moment.  I liked most the Qyteti Studentit when I used to hangout with friends but recently the Blloku part maybe is more in vogue.  When I go for a swim I liked more the Gjiri Lalsit beach. I also like the Liqeni part. Quite relaxing.
    This is a paper where the authors list a set of more that   collective intelligence projects and applications :    sloanreview.mit.edu/article/the collective intelligence genome/    mit.edu  The Collective Intelligence Genome  Furthermore they identify the building blocks of a CI system  You may find interesting also this other post:    algo data.quoraCollective intelligence applications  Collective intelligence applications by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  I wrote on CAPs (Collective Awarenees Platforms) presented in european commission page on CAPs    ec.europa.eu/digital single market/en/collective awareness    europa.eu  Collective Awareness Platforms for Sustainability and Social Innovation  There are about   examples of recent applications.  Happy reading : )
    I just wrote a post about this topic. I have listed about   examples of novel collective intelligence applications into real life scenarios.  Here is the post :    algo data.quoraCollective intelligence applications  Collective intelligence applications by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Also a good paper on collective intelligence and the process of building the CI systems can be read here :    sloanreview.mit.edu/article/the collective intelligence genome/    mit.edu  The Collective Intelligence Genome
    Yes  you can do it on Kraken or Coinbase.  Here    www.kraken     kraken   Buy  Sell and Margin Trade Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH)   Buy  Sell  ; Trade Bitcoin and here    coinbase     coinbase   Bitcoin ; Ethereum Wallet  There is also    exmo     exmo   Cryptocurrency Exchange. Buy and Sell BTC  ETH  DOGE  LTC  I’m looking for other platforms so far it seems that there are not many (trustworthy )of them.
   I’m writting from Italy but I’m born and raised Albanian. I’ll describe my feelings of how Albanians perceive other balkan nationalities and will add some irony to it .. so take those lines with a bit of salt : )  Starting from the direct neighbours.  **Greece** : as long as we work there  Greeks are good people. In the last years “economic crysis  is more than ever a Greek word so better move to other places. A bit of anger for not being treated as equals in Greece but nobody is perfect and Greeks even less . They are afraid of Abanian culture but we love Greek music. We cant undestand Greek Serbian orthodox based friendship becouse Albanians have never been very religious.  **FYROM: **  Half Albanians  half Bulgarians. I have some bulgarian friends so maybe I got influenced : ) It is cheap to buy in Macedonia … pardon FYROM : )  **Kosovo : **  Brothers. I don’t need to say more. The same goes for Albanians from Montenegro and Macedonia … sorry FYROM : )  **Montenegro: ** Not very happy feelings towards Montenegro maybe becouse they stole Ulqin from Albania. History would have to say  Albanians not.  **Serbia: **  The most difficult paragraph to write. As I told commenting one of the answers above  the intellectual's opinion in Albania is that there is a minority of religious nationalists in Serbia that hold as hostage the majority of Serbian people. However massacres in Bosnia  Croatia and Kosovo tend to make Albanians feel and speak in very bad terms towards Serbia.  **Bulgaria: **  almost the same language as Serbia but tottaly different people. Maybe FYROM ers are right when call Bulgarians Tartars. More…?? Bulgarian roses  White Cheese but Black Sea  Lutenitsa and … easy girls ; )  **Croatia: **  Fans of national team of Croatia and Albania are in brotherhood so positive feelings towards Croats.  **Bosnia**  Bosnia people are percieved as peaceful and tolerant in Albania.  **Slovenia :**  Thats not very balkans... it’s more Austria. If it wasn’t for Melania Trump I would judge Slovenians in positive terms. Just joking : )  **Turkey**  : Good feelings when we talk about bakllava and kadaif. Bad feelings when we talk about Skenderbeg. For Albanians  Skenderbeg is the national hero. Albania is Skenderbeg and Skenderbeg is Albania. For Turks instead  Skenderbeg was only a brigand that made a career in the Othoman empire and then went against the Sultan. However Skenderbeg kicked their asses for    years  so my friends from Turkey .. you have to admit it.  **Romania**  : Here stereotyping is easy : aromanians  gipsis and Ceausescu very very bad guy. Jokes apart  something strange happens with Romanians. They either are intellectuals (from my experience they are outstanding chess players and computer programmers ) or small thieves. There are no mediocre guys between them. Good universities in Romania.  I would put **Hungaria**  in the balkans also but Hunyadi wouldn't agree. By definition  a happy barak in the Eastern Europe full of easy women. Even I guess that was in the past it is still common opinion in Albania. Orban ? poor guy! What more can I say !? .. terrible language  sounds like turkish. “Ageshigadre  It means “cheers !  Finally  something worth to note in Balkan region is that countries which share land borders usually have a negative or at most  neutral opinion about each other . It seems to be a rule.  For example  Greece Macedonia ops.. FYROM  Serbia Kosovo  Serbia Croatia  Serbia Bosnia (ok enough with Serbia) ..and again Greece Turkey  Romania Hungary  Croatia  Slovenia etc... An exception that confirms the rule: Kosovo   Albania.  P.S. A small update to this post is about how the different european and balkan countries tend to get irritated of statements and claims of their neighbours or general people.  It is all explained in this map.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f      d  d       7b b 8e  .webp   Cheers balkaners!
   USA backed albanians and not serbs for a very simple reason.  Serbia is the Little Brother of Russia in Europe  so americans bombed Serbia in order to hit Russia and lower the Russian influence in Europe.  At that time Russia was weak (just out of default in    ) economically and politically so it could not react. Putin had Just came to power and had many internal problems to solve like demolishing Youkos and Komorkovski or how he was called.. and state control the Economy. He could not handle outside problems like helping his serbian Brothers against the NATO. Russia was still a mess back then and could not intervene as It did today in Syria.  Other minor reasons for americans and Nato were the ethnic cleansing Serbians did in Croatia  Bosnia and Kosovo.  As for albanians  it was such a miracle that the Albanian interests for once alligned to those of great powers. Historically was Serbia and Greece that used to bè the best Friends of great powers such as France and England respectively.  They benefited a lot of their friendship with those Powers in terms of Land taken away from their neghbours.
    A small premise : I’m not greek but I have been living in Greece for about five years so I feel a little Greek too.  I want to aswer the question with just an actual case which is going on in the greek media.  Is the case of albanian origin solders in the Greek army.  A group of them (seven in all) posted a picture making the symbol of the eagle with their hands as of Albanian flag.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e   c7dc     777d    b ada .webp   Now the greek newspapers are talking about it as if it was a case of Albanian nationalism.    en.protothema.gr/ army recruits of albanian origin army under investigation over hand gesture/    protothema.gr   recruits of Albanian origin in Greek army under investigation over hand gesture  But lets remain in Europe and move to Italy.  You can see below there is a picture of two italian carabinieri (carabinieri is a military corp of italian state) with a guy of albanian origin making the same symbol.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f   8c e b f  ec  c  b  a    .webp   In Italy no body would speak of Albanian nationalism nor irredentism. It is just a symbol to make among friends and in solidarity of a nation  culture and so on.  Finally to answer the question there seems to bè in Greece a bit of fear and suspicion of Albanian culture. However  Greek people in US can use their flag and language and so on… why Albanians cannot do it in Greece ? I think that if Greece would allow the minorities and imigrants like albanians express their culture it would only have something to gain not to loose.  Greece is probably the most advaced country in the Balkans (even Balkans is always Balkans) so lets hope that it will start to behave as such.  At the end I just want to tell to my greek friends that there is nothing to fear about Albanian culture. We are neighbours  we have many things in common and we can and should live in peace and respect each other.
      If for you is important the IDE you use then I recomend the following if else  condition :  if  ( you are using IntelliJ IDEA  ) {      springframework.guru    springframework.guru  Spring Framework Guru  }   else  if  ( you are using Eclipse STS  ) {      www.udemyspring framework  course and core spring certification/    udemy   Java Spring Framework  and Spring Certification  or you are interested in Spring REST     www.udemyjava spring mvc framework with angularjs by google and html /    udemy   Spring Framework  (Java Enterprise JEE) with AngularJS  }   // as a test  Also an apparently good (though expensive) course is the    baeldungrest with spring course    baeldung   REST with Spring Course | Baeldung . I’m following classes there but still have to understand better if it is worth the money. In this course they use also Eclipse STS.
    The art of asking questions is real and here there is some good material from Harward Business Review :    hbr/   / 8/the art of asking questions.html    hbr  The Art of Asking Questions
    I think this question is a little bit difficoult to aswer.  A better question would be : Are Arvanites of Albanian origin ? The answer is yes.  Is their language Albanian ? The answer is yes.  The question whether Arvanies are Greek or Albanian could be answered without hesitating that they are Greek citizens so they are Greek.  Painting of Arvanites.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg     e eb ee aa    fb bcd c88d.webp   Another similar question is : Are Arbëreshë people   Wikipedia (   en.wikipedia/wiki/Arbëreshë_people    wikipedia  Arbëreshë people   Wikipedia ) Albanian or Italian ? Of course they are Italian. But their language (not dialect) is Albanian.  After  years it doesn't make any sense asking them if they are Albanian. The same reasoning can be used for Arvanites.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a d e  ecae   e  d  ab      d .webp   Now a very interesting question would be : How is that Arberesh managed to conserve their language  traditions and names while Arvanies not ?   The answer is very easy : in Italy they were allowed to practise their traditions and language.  The Italian state recognizes them as minority (actually the second largest in Italy) and in general promotes the diversity by conceding large autonomies to those comunities.  They talk in Albanian (Arbereshe) and the language is taught till the th grade and Arbereshe is an official language in the province where they live.  Below am arberesh butique in south Italy.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   d af8b 7e bfb7a 8e a b cc 7.webp   Arvanites  unfortunately didn’t find a friendly environment in Greece culturally speaking   but that’s Balkans. So they had to change names  religion and language in order to be accepted.  I can also bring a personal experience . I have been living in Attiki (Marathona and Nea Makri) for  years. One day I had a small conversation with an old Arvaniti man (partly in Albanian). He told me that his grandfather used to talk to him in Albanian but his father not. I didn’t ask him why though.  I repeat  that's Balkans. There is a reason why Balkan region is behind economically speaking. It will be this way as long as we as people of Balkans will continue to be afraid of each other. It will be this way as long as we will continue to be afraid of a different language  traditions and religion from ours.  As I said I have been living in Greece  now I live in Italy. My wife is Italian and I’m trying to teach to our son some Albanian language. I’m talking to him in Albanian  this way he will be bilingual. I hope this will train him to have a flexible mind… which is what largely lacks in the Balkans.
     I would take python. It is easier than Java and its time to market is shorter. This way you are more productive.
      Google is already doing it.  By profiling a user you can understand a lot about his social status  age  aspirations  ambitions and his … future.  The only question that remains open is how punctual Google can ever be in this moment and in the near future ?!  I think you’d better have a look here    research.google    google   Research at Google . Maybe you discover something more concrete.
   A support / confidence couple can be used for chosing the best rules. However  here is the paper of Agrawal (he first presented this algorithm for the basket market analysis problem) .  It is called : Mining the Most Interesting Rules  and there you find recommendations on how to proceed for it    rakesh.agrawal familypapers/kdd  rules.pdf    agrawal family   rakesh.agrawal family ...  By using Rstudio you can try a nice R package for the implementation of the algorithm. This package is arules :    cran.r project/web/packages/arules/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package arules . It makes the analysis very easy.  Just feed the correct data to the algorithm in a format of transactions.  You can then visualize the rules you can choose by using the package in    cran.r project/web/packages/arulesViz/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package arulesViz .  It can help you visualize the association rules between the itemsets you are considering. Below there is a matrix visualization of the coincidence of the rules for a basket market analysis    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg aab dbc      dd    7 e8b d  f.webp   The size of the balls is proportinal to the support size.
      You can use a support / confidence couple to make the prunning of the tree of combinations the association rule mining generates.  Here is the paper of Agrawal (that first presented this algorithm for the basket analysis problem) . It is called : Mining the Most Interesting Rules  and there you find recommendations on how to proceed for it    rakesh.agrawal familypapers/kdd  rules.pdf    agrawal family   rakesh.agrawal family ...  If you use Rstudio then a nice R package to use for implementation and anlaysis is arules :    cran.r project/web/packages/arules/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package arules that makes the analysis very easy. You just have to feed the correct data to the algorithm. Those data have to be in a format of transactions.  Then for visualizing the rules you can choose    cran.r project/web/packages/arulesViz/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package arulesViz . It can help you visualize the association rules between the itemsets you are considering. Below there is a graph based visualization of the support that exists between the different items studied. In this case I was studying the co location of industries in a metropolitan area.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  bb 7c  7 fdd d b7  c 87   d.webp   Here the paper of the arulesViz library :    cran.r project/web/packages/arulesViz/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package arulesViz There are many other ways to visualize the associations you find.
      There is    shiny.rstudio     rstudio   Shiny package for making web based interactive visualizations and graphics . Here you have a gallery to get inspired and have an idea of what it is capable for    shiny.rstudiogallery/    rstudio   Shiny   Gallery  Another library I like to use is knitr :    yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr: Elegant  flexible and fast dynamic report generation with R . It compiles markup to pdf or html and this way you can build web pages very easly. You just have to learn markup.
    You should learn and focus .. thats it. Now you can decide to learn one skill at a time or all together it dependes on how interrelated are those skills and how you can learn better as a different from others human being.  As I said the most important thing is to learn not reflect too much abot it. Time flies.
    One thing I dont like about being cyborg is their collective intelligence or consciousness. They are not individuals but only members of the collective crowd. So I would rather dye than became a robot becouse that would bè not a life. In all other cases its ok to bè cyborg rather than dying.
      I know this one here :    addons.mozilla/it/firefox/addon/restclient/    mozilla  RESTClient  a debugger for RESTful web services.  It works well.
      As a beginner  I’m afraid you cant contribute much. And as a beginner I assume you have no knowledge of programminig.  In these conditions you can try Weka    weka.waikato.ac.nz/explorer    waikato.ac.nz  University of Waikato . It is open source and can be used by beginners as well. Infact it has a graphic interface you can use to load the dataset and choose the algorithms you want to apply for your analysis.  The results of the analysis can also be shown grafically. For example you can see how the results of clustering points appear.  And there is also a data mining course from th eUniversity of Waikato in New Zeland. he results are very goodYou can find it here    weka.waikato.ac.nz/dataminingwithweka/preview    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Weka  Another good tool is R. With R you can also start very easly but in this case you have to learn first how to programm and it may take some time.  However it paysoff as the resluts are very good. Below the graphics of a k—means clustering algorithm in R.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a8ae    b  a    f   b   b87e.webp
   I dont know if this is possibile now but It Will certainly bè in the future. Satelites have more and more Power and resolution in terms of pixels so the future is heading in that direction. One day It May bè possibile what you are asking.
   An open sourse project is also Weka from the university Waikato of New Zeland    githubWaikato    github   Computing and Mathematical Sciences  University of Waikato .  It is a machine learning framework / library that can be used also from the people that do not have programming skills.  At the University of Waikato they are making a great job in developing/implementing new algorithms and extending the project.  And if you are trying to find a way to choose the best hyperparameters for an algorithm there is Auto Weka    cs.ubc.ca/labs/beta/Projects/autoweka/papers/autoweka.pdf    ubc.ca  cs.ubc.ca/labs/beta/P...
      There is Weka from the university Waikato of New Zeland    githubWaikato    github   Computing and Mathematical Sciences  University of Waikato .  They are making a great job in developing/implementing new algorithms and extending the project.  Also they are trying to provide a way to choose the best hyperparameters for an algorithm with Auto Weka    cs.ubc.ca/labs/beta/Projects/autoweka/papers/autoweka.pdf    ubc.ca  cs.ubc.ca/labs/beta/P...
      I can recommend you    coursera     coursera   Coursera | Online Courses From Top Universities. Join for Free for example. There are some great courses from John Hopkins University in data science.  They teach also R programming and implement the algorithms step by step.  Another site I would use is    weka.waikato.ac.nz/dataminingwithweka/preview    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Weka . They use Weka the machine learning library. If you dont know how to program the Weka library has a graphic interface and you can use it from there from loading the dataset to applying the different algorithms .
  I would recommend coursera. There are some great courses from John Hopkins University in data science and they teach also R programming.
   Unfortunately it is.  More in the past than now  but there is still room for improvement for the Greek administration.     /topic/Corruption  Corruption has always been very strong in Mediterranean countries such as Greece  Italy  Spain  and Portugal.  However the    /topic/Greek Debt Crisis  Greek Debt Crisis has made the things worse for the population and now is very difficult to apply the measures of    /topic/Austerity  Austerity that are killing the economy. Especially the public health sector is suffering more in the crisis. In many cases there are people that cannot buy the medicines.  Inequality has been increasing in the last    years and this creates the perception that a lot of people have made the money in a kleptocratic way.
  Try a book. There is a very good one. It is called “Head first on Java programming  . It explains the Java and programming concepts very well. And in a graphic way with a slow pace.  You can choose an alternative to this and that would be “Thinking in Java  of Bruce Enkel. It is a good book but a very long one.  I would prefere “Head first in Java
   There is still room for improvement and for me is not yet a habit but it seems that a good habit would be : “be not a borrower nor a lender .  That is why when you are a lender then you run the risk to see your money disapear. On the other hand  if are a borrower you risk to loose the money and not be able to give it back. If you are a person of high spirit and moral value that would be such a shame.  My experience says that if you lend to a friend or relative then you risk to loose the money and the friendship or the relatives.  Now  this habit should save you a lot of money. Yes  becouse my experience says that I would have saved more that   euro by applying it … and I would have saved one friend or two.
   Historicaly albanians have never been very religious. First pagans  then kristians either orthodox or catolic  then muslims and bektashi. Being Albanian is much more important than being religious.  Just as a patriotic poem says “feja e shqipetarit eshte shqipetaria  = “albanians religion is albanian ness .  About being pagans instead One of the most important feasts in Albania is  th of march. It celebrates the begining of Summer (dita e veres) and is a pagan tradition.  It is celebrated almost all' over the country with traditional cake (kullure) and pikniks and barbecue.  So I hope I answered the question. Even Albanians from Kosovo are a little bit more religious that Albanians from Albania at the end I think there is very little difference between them so they simply do not think much about it at least from Albania side.
     World is not enough as James Bond could say : )
   Coursera is a great online teaching platform. I don’t know personally that course you are asking about but if it is on Coursera it should be a good course. The only thing that you should ask (maybe to yourself) is if it meets your needs or not.
   I would consider answering from two points of view :  a)  What I have read during my childhood .  One of my favorite authors is Mark Twain. His    en.wikipedia/wiki/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn    wikipedia  Adventures of Huckleberry Finn   Wikipedia and    en.wikipedia/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer    wikipedia  The Adventures of Tom Sawyer   Wikipedia were among my best readings. Also    en.wikipedia/wiki/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz    wikipedia  The Wonderful Wizard of Oz   Wikipedia might be good reading.  b)  Other books worth to be read I have not read as a child.  I would recommend    en.wikipedia/wiki/The_Little_Prince    wikipedia  The Little Prince   Wikipedia of    en.wikipedia/wiki/Antoine_de_Saint Exup%C %A ry    wikipedia  Antoine de Saint Exupéry   Wikipedia as well as    en.wikipedia/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio    wikipedia  The Adventures of Pinocchio   Wikipedia
      I have read this in Business Insider. It seems pretty nice to me.    businessinsiderthings you can learn in    minutes       /?IR=T% F;utm_campaign=buffer;utm_content=buffera7b8f;utm_medium=social;utm_source=facebook #      businessinsider      things you can learn in    minutes that will change your life  However there might be other things like for example trying to focus and improve your attention or walking outside to refresh your ideas as we say in italian : )
    There is    www.seedrs     seedrs   Seedrs | Invest online in startups via equity crowdfunding one of the first ones . It is UK based and there are many english and portuguese startups seeking for funding. You can make investiments starting from   £ and find any king of company .. from the high tech startup to the healthy icecream producing company  Also    www.mymicroinvesten    mymicroinvest   MyMicroInvest is a good one. It is belgian and there you can invest starting from   euro. Also in this site you find different companies.  Another alternative can be    www.crowdcube    crowdcube   Online investing  equity crowdfunding  business finance : Crowdcube .  Last  italian based sites of crowdfunding. The site is in italian but you can switch to english version they provide. Some of those are :     mamacrowd    mamacrowd   Mamacrowd     crowdfundme.it/    crowdfundme.it  CrowdFundMe     equitystartup.it/    equitystartup.it  Investi in Equity CrowdFunding su  I have tried Seedrs and MyMicroInvest and some of the italian ones . I vote however for Seedrs. It is the best. There you find many startups and the investiment amount for the single company required is lower.
    Here you find a detailed descripotion from MIT Technology Review    www.technologyreviews/      /what bitcoin is and why it matters/    technologyreview   What Bitcoin Is  and Why It Matters
   I wouldn’t say it is tedious and boring ! It is not easy to learn it as it is a scripting like language but if you dedicate a little time to it then you will see that it is not that hard. There are plenty of resources online that make the laerning of it very easy to go through so before saying that it is boring try one of those sources.
   Yes it can bè used for other things as for example Web development. There is a package Valledoria shiny that you can use for development web applications.
    I would say a clear and simple way of explaining the arguments of machine learning even it is not easy to do it. From statistics  bayesian statistics  conditional probabilities  supervised and unsupervised learning  the algorithms themsefls .. etc all those subjects need a strong background.  Probabilly making a large numer of examples and use cases for practical applications could be another way to see it. By this examples it is possible to create in the user the intuition of how the things work in machine learning.  For example the following link tries to explain the machine learning principles intuitively by simple and interactive visualizations :    r d .us/visual intro to machine learning part  /    r d .us  A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning
      I very much support this question and find it quite interesting.  One possible way they (Quora and Wikipedia) can collaborate is to help Wikipedia improve its accuracy .  Several research studies have found that the Wikipedia’s accuracy is improved in the recent years and it is close to other classical encyclopedias. However it needs improvement and Quora (and Quorans) might help with that.  Even I can't bear in mind other interesting ways that could answer this question I would invite Jimmy Wales (   /profile/Jimmy Wales  Jimmy Wales ) and Adam D'Angelo (   /profile/Adam DAngelo  Adam D'Angelo ) to participate in this feed by providing their views on this topic.
    If you want some interesting articles about avaliable datasets  data processing  data visualization  libraries to use and guides on machine learning algorithms implemented in Java or R programming then you can have a look to :    algo data.quora   Algorithms and DataFusion  I try to post articles regularly and or update the existing posts.  There is also an incoming blog dedicated exclusively on machine learning.  Enjoy : )
   By using Argument Mining .  It is about detecting a  claim in a piece of unstructured text and then identifying the  support paragraph of the claim.  For example the claim in an article might be : “Immigration is a good thing for the economy of a country . Starting from there you have to find the support. It means the part of text that says that “Immigration contributes to an increase of % of the GDP etc etc..   Argument (or argumentation) mining has many applications and one of the most exciting ones is artificial intelligence for legal reasoning. Its about substituting lawers with algorithms. It should cost a lot less to hire a computer to defend you in tribunal instead of a high payed lawer : )  It should also speed up the the tribunal process which in many countries (Italy for example) takes very long time.  Some interesting papers about argument mining can be seen following those links :     cmna.csc.liv.ac.uk/CMNA /Wells.pdf    liv.ac.uk  cmna.csc.liv.ac.uk/CMNA ...     homepages.abdn.ac.uk/n.oren/pages/TAFA  /TAFA  _submission_ .pdf    abdn.ac.uk  homepages.abdn.ac.uk/n.or...     aclweb/anthology/W          aclweb  aclweb/anthology/...     aclweb/anthology/W         aclweb  aclweb/anthology/...
    Here you find the upcomming ICOs for new crypto currencies    icocountdown    icocountdown   ICO Countdown  Actually in chronobank could be worth to invest a couple of dollars / bitcoins.
     Taking notes helps you remember things and its a way to learn. However dont stick to much to it otherwise it becomes automatic and you dont really learn. There are many other methods you might and should consider. For example associative learning    en.wikipedia/wiki/Learning#Associative_learning    wikipedia  Learning   Wikipedia or meaningful learning    en.wikipedia/wiki/Learning#Meaningful_learning    wikipedia  Learning   Wikipedia  Moreover the best way to learn in programing is to learn by doing.
    Explorative or Exploratory Data Analysis is one of those practises ! It helps you undestand the most important things about your data by summarzing the main charateristics.  It makes use of statistical and visual methods to communicate the results . Here you can read more    en.wikipedia/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis    wikipedia  Exploratory data analysis   Wikipedia  Everytime you have a new dataset you should consider EDA.
    The data science path is Pretty good course. It is a course from John Hopkins University and the implementative part of it is in R. Data science toolbox  programming in R and Reproducible research are some of the most interesting course of data science path. You can even get a certificate for  euro. It is a good thing to put in your CV if you are looking for a job.
   For a big part of machine learning algorithms the bayesian statistics and bayesian reasoning is crucial. That is about conditional probability.  Another math that is used in machine learning (more precisely deep learning) is partial derivatives.  Also linear algebra is crucial in machine learning . Methods such as PCA method which is a tecniques of dimension reduction and uses projection of eigenvalues and eigenvectors to reduce the dimensions of data.
    You can de anoymize data by using some side information. For example if your data is anonymized personal mobility data then to re identify the users you could use geo referenced social network data.  Some example on this can be found here :    www.researchgate.net/publication/       7_Re identification_of_anonymized_CDR_datasets_using_social_network_data    researchgate.net  Re identification of anonymized CDR datasets using social network data  In the same way you can think of a side dataset that could be used to de anonymize user search data.
    Health data records are particularly sensitive and privacy harming so they should be handled with care.  The problem with anonymization is that it doesn work properly. There are cases in which researchers have demostrated that health data records can be deanonymized by using as side information other publically available data.  For example the re identification of health data records of a local hospedal by using a voters list or the reidentification of genome experiment participants as illustrated here :    arxiv/abs/    .7       arxiv  [    .7   ] Identifying Participants in the Personal Genome Project by Name (A Re identification Experiment)  More methods of attack for reidentification of health data records are collected in this survey :    journals.plos/plosone/article?id=  .   % Fjournal.pone.         plos  A Systematic Review of Re Identification Attacks on Health Data  And some more original methods of reidentification of personal data are also presented here :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  and here :    ieeexplore.ieee/document/     /    ieee  ieeexplore.ieee/docum...
     There are different methods such as suppression but the most elegant one is    en.wikipedia/wiki/K anonymity    wikipedia  k anonymity   Wikipedia presented for the first time in this paper    worldscientificdoi/abs/  .  /S    8          worldscientific   k ANONYMITY: A MODEL FOR PROTECTING PRIVACY  It is one of those methods use in anonymizing personal data. The k parameter is a way to increase the degree of anonimity. For example if K =    then the personal data of the individual I is indistinguishable from at least    other individuals.  However there are ways to attack this method and re identify the data .  One of those ways of re identifying anonymized data  such as (CRD) Call Description Records by using as side information social network data  is presented in those two articles :     www.researchgate.net/publication/       7_Re identification_of_anonymized_CDR_datasets_using_social_network_data    researchgate.net  Re identification of anonymized CDR datasets using social network data     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data     ieeexplore.ieee/document/     /    ieee  ieeexplore.ieee/docum...
    I know R programming is used among data scientists in different big companies such as Vodafone.  Also at Google and Facebook they are making use of it increasingly.  For example  if you have a look at the last three useR  (i.e the R programming international conference) conferences below :     user    /    user      useR!      Stanford  CA     user   .math.aau.dk//    aau.dk  useR!     Aalborg     user   .stat.ucla.edu/    ucla.edu  useR!     Los Angeles  you will see that among sponsors there are always Google  Facebook  Sage etc..  What hits you eye though  is the fact that Google for example moved from being a silver sponsor in    to a golden and platinium one in     and      respectively.  Other notable sponsors are Microsoft  Oracle  AT;T. I don’t see Linkedin among those sponsors but as it is now part of Microsoft Corporation it might be using R as well.  At the beginning R was popular mainly among researchers but it seems that R is finding increasing adoption in the enterprices .  Some interesting reading supporting this claim can be found here :    www.r bloggersinformation age graduates driving industry adoption of r/    r bloggers   Information Age: graduates driving industry adoption of R and here :    information ageputting the r in analytics      /    information age   Putting the R in analytics  while these other articles are about increasing your career chances by learnig R programming :    opensourcebusiness/ /  /r open source language data science    opensource   Why now is the time to learn R and     bits.blogs.nytimes  /  / 8/r you ready for r/?_r=     nytimes   R You Ready for R?  If you are looking for a collection of online resources on R such as books  articles  guides and tutorial then check this post. It collects more than    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion
   Yes there is    sci hub.cc/    sci hub.cc  removing barriers in the way of science and for free. Just paste the title of the survey you are looking for and enjoy reading.
    Collective behavior ! Fascinating thing!  But there still is going on a great discussion in the scientific comunity if it exists or not. To my oppinion it exists and is manifested specially in crowds.  So your question is : what makes us collectivelly stupid ?  I would substitute “stupid  with “irrational  behavior. This behavior can be seen for example in riots or mob violence. Also a famous example is the Stock Market crash in US in     .  Interesting reading about this are :     www.amazonCrowd Study Popular Mind/dp/           amazon   The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind: Gustave Le Bon:  7        : Amazon : Books     www.amazonExtraordinary Popular Delusions Charles Mackay/dp/            amazon   Extraordinary Popular Delusions: Charles Mackay:  7         : Amazon : Books  But your question still remains open : what makes us collectively irrational or as you like stupid : )  I prefere the interpretation of Le Bon: when people organize in crowds they loose the ability to think in a rational way. Protected by anonimity they tend to behave in a irrational ( violent) way.  Other studies support this view and they attribute to the crowds emotions such as fear  anger and joy.  It seems that guided by these collective emotions the collective behavior can be “stupid  ; )  I hope I answered your question.
    I had a small collection of coins untill     .  Then I went in Erasums in Denmark. It was very easy for me to extend my collection of coins since in the university in Denmark I could find people form all over the world making their erasmus too. They had coins from their home countries so they gave me (most of the time for free) those coins they had. I even got some small banknotes.  What I mean is that to increase your collection of coins a good idea can be to move abroad for a three to six months period in a possibily international context.  Another good example can be an english language summer school for a two to four weeks period. There you can always find people from other countries and ask them for some small coins.
    I would add Argument Mining .  It is about detecting a  claim in a piece of unstructured text and then identifying the  support paragraph of the claim.  For example the claim in an article might be : “Immigration is a good thing for the economy of a country . Starting from there you have to find the support. It means the part of text that says that “Immigration contributes to an increase of % of the GDP etc etc..   Argument (or argumentation) mining has many applications and one of the most exiting ones is artificial intelligence for legal reasoning. Its about substituting lawers with algorithms. It should cost a lot less to hire a computer to defend you in tribunal instead of a high payed lawer : )  It should also speed up the the tribunal process which in many countries (Italy for example) takes very long time.  Some interesting papers about argument mining can be seen following those links :     cmna.csc.liv.ac.uk/CMNA /Wells.pdf    liv.ac.uk  cmna.csc.liv.ac.uk/CMNA ...     homepages.abdn.ac.uk/n.oren/pages/TAFA  /TAFA  _submission_ .pdf    abdn.ac.uk  homepages.abdn.ac.uk/n.or...     aclweb/anthology/W          aclweb  aclweb/anthology/...     aclweb/anthology/W         aclweb  aclweb/anthology/...  Good luck with your thesis ; )
    Examples of human based computation are:         wiki    wiki   Wiki  that lets users collaborate by modifying the wikies they find in its pages   and the reCAPTCHA system that provides protection for web sites from malicious code requests.  About human  computation I enjoyed reading the following paper on human computation taxonomy  motivation to partecipate and types of incentives:     alexquinn/papers/Human%  Computation %  A%  Survey%  and%  Taxonomy%  of%  a%  Growing%  Field%  (CHI%     ).pdf    alexquinn  alexquinn/papers/Huma...  It is a survey of other works in human computation. What impacted me positively about this paper is the simplicity and clarity (where possible) of the way the arguments are exposed.  In particular the graphics below. It shows how human computation relates to other fileds such as crowdsourcing  social computing  data mining and collective intelligence :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e  ba 8ab b a7cb c ad   8c b c.webp
    I would vote for Blockchain    en.wikipedia/wiki/Blockchain_(database)    wikipedia  Blockchain (database)   Wikipedia  Its implementation in the sharing economy has huge potential.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Sharing_economy    wikipedia  Sharing economy   Wikipedia
    Motivation and incentives are also an issue. Finding a way in order to make the people benefit from partecipating in a collective action is crucial.  Unfortunately not everybody is altruistic!  If you want people to participate you have to motivate them . A great scientist on motivation behavior is also B.J. Fogg :    bjfogg    bjfogg   BJ Fogg's Website
    A very effective  simple and efficent tecnique is described in this accademic article here :     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection  It is a method for discovering events from spatio temporal datasets  based on statistical anomaly detection.  The approach presented combines multiple sources of information to improve results of the event detection method. Furthermore it presents a method for describing the events using a simple NLP method.  If you need a copy please contact me.
     Here you go with a collection of books and links :     algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Data Science in R and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  I also have been collecting a set of links on R programming and statistics. You can find here in my Quora blog :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
      Is the process of analysing a anonymized dataset of users. The final result is that of re identifing the users despite the anonymization.  A classical approach for the attacker is that of using side information which normally is publically available.  An example is given by this paper here :     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  in which the authors de anonymize a dataset of CDR(Call Description Records) of  million users  by tracking their traces of mobility and using as side information social network data.  Here you find a free version of paper above :     www.researchgate.net/publication/       7_Re identification_of_anonymized_CDR_datasets_using_social_network_data    researchgate.net  Re identification of anonymized CDR datasets using social network data
    Even if telepathy is not a human feature humans can however develop a collective awareness or collective intelligence.  But the problem is how to measure it ??   It is a pretty dificoult question and my answer has a practical meaning anly if contextualized with an example.  An example that cames to my mind is Waze    en.wikipedia/wiki/Waze    wikipedia  Waze   Wikipedia People use Waze by share their local knowledge in real time about traffic conditions and a collective intelligence is created at a city level in a very abstract way.  Of course the application helps in aggregating the data and giving a feedback to the users  but it is a perfect example of collective awareness or as you call it intelligence.  Probably the succsess of the application (in terms of improved traffic congestion) is a measure to express this collective intelligence.  Sorry for my reasoning that is strongly contextualized but otherwise I would sound too abstract.  An example of the architecture that implements the software enabling a collective awareness for a smart city application is given by this paper :    academia.edu/    7  /Collective_Awareness_for_Human ICT_Collaboration_in_Smart_Cities    academia.edu  Collective Awareness for Human ICT Collaboration in Smart Cities  Here another version of the paper which considers also the social dimension of collective awareness :    link.springerchapter/  . 7/ 7          _ #page      springer   Social Collective Awareness in Socio Technical Urban Superorganisms  If you need a copy contact me on Quora.
      Yes they can. Telepathy is not a human faculty unfortunately but humans can however develop a collective awareness..  If helped by the technology.  For example there are many applications that help people avoid traffic congestion. Waze    en.wikipedia/wiki/Waze    wikipedia  Waze   Wikipedia is one of those. People share their local knowledge in real time about local traffic conditions and a collective awareness is created at a city level. Of course the application helps in aggregating the data and giving a feedback to the users  but it is a perfect example of collective awareness.  An example of the architecture that implements the software enabling a collective awareness for a smart city application is given by this paper :    academia.edu/    7  /Collective_Awareness_for_Human ICT_Collaboration_in_Smart_Cities    academia.edu  Collective Awareness for Human ICT Collaboration in Smart Cities  Here another version of the paper which considers also the social dimension of collective awareness :    link.springerchapter/  . 7/ 7          _ #page      springer   Social Collective Awareness in Socio Technical Urban Superorganisms  Enjoy : )
      You first have to read the file and then store the coordinates in a datastructure as for example a list. Then you need to have the polygon of each state. Then for every point you check if it belongs to the polygon of a state so you can assign it to that state.  In Java there is a library that gives you the possibility to do it automatically . It is called JTS :    sourceforge.net/projects/jts topo suite/    sourceforge.net  JTS Topology Suite  There should be a similiar one in python I guess  so you can use it.
     You can cluster by origin and destination and obtain the maximum flow from point X (start) to point Y(destination).  This way you can build an origin destination Matrix that shows the flow of the movements of people by Taxi for a certain hour of the day. You can also use Association rule mining by puting together all' the destinations and all' the starts to se what pattern comes out.  For example I would expect that for Airport  train station and a residential area there is a certain association for a given hour of the day /night.  The time is very interesting dato as it can give you an idea of why the people are using a Taxi. Example –  for going to work if week day.      am for leisure if week end. And so on… there are many paths to follows.  Just use imagination after observing how people behave. You can also talk to a Taxi driver to learn more on this behavior.
     Think of a problem that you Always wanted to solve.   THEN check the state of the Art of the existing solutions. For the state of Art you can check papers and publications that already propose solutions for you problem. If you think your way of solving the problem could do better then pick it up.     Think of the data you can use / might bè right for solving your problem. It is better if you have more types of data and a lot of data.    Test different machine learning algorithms for solving it. Many times they give similar solutions for example clustering and PCA  spectral clustering etc.    Validate your solution. For that you Need groundtruth data as well as crossvalidation of your method.  Last thing I want to point to this paper that follows the same approach and tries to solve te problem of event detection.    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection
      I can think of an automatic chat bot. It can process the text and answer simple questions. For example a chat bot can bè very helpful to firms that sell products online. It Can respond to the questions that customers night have about products. Actually there is a startup in Italy offering those services to small businesess    awhy.it    awhy.it  Prova Awhy Gratis
     The point is to create / update the public ledger. You Need reliable information before put a transaction in the ledger.  Thats why it is needed that more people confirm a transaction (though mining) before put it in the ledger.  The public ledger is the main strength of the blockchain as it makes all' transparent. You can read more about it here :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Blockchain_(database)    wikipedia  Blockchain (database)   Wikipedia
     Here you find a list of the world major cities (about    thousands of them).     githubdatasets/world cities/tree/master/data    github   datasets/world cities  They are are from geonames database and have a name  country   subcountry   geonameid.  As for the other data you can consult this post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  There I’m gathering a list of links of data sources and I’m trying to keep it updated when I find interesting data sources.
      I want to share this video which contains the best begging phrase I have seen. Though the beggar didn’t think of it himself the idea is such a great one :    m.youtubewatch?v=HX aRzXUzJo    youtube   Its a beautiful day  and I can't see it...  The idea is that the beggar is blind. And he is asking for money by simply stying in the classic position of a begar and a small table asking for money.  Then a girl passing that way and looking at the beggar had a good idea. She deleted the classic writing asking about money and instead of it wrote : “Today is a beatyful day but I cant see it   It is so heartbreaking!
      Yes they are.  Have a look at this tree map how they derive from the Indio European languages. There you can also see different other languages.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a8c  c  7  a    ca  b ddfece 7.webp
    Unfortunatly the Illirian language was never written or if it was there is no evidence for such writing.  However their existence in the balkans and in particular in the place that today is called Albania is well documented by Romans  Greeks etc..     it.wikipedia/wiki/Illyria    wikipedia  Illyria   Wikipedia So there is no doubt about it.  As for the albanian language I like this map here that represents the genealogic tree of languages.  It is interesting to see how the albanian language derives from the ancient albanian language and indio european language. There is no transformation as for example hellenic greek  slavic serb or other languages.  However albanian has been influenced by slavic languages and latin language  greek language and more recently from othoman language.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a8c  c  7  a    ca  b ddfece 7.webp   Standing to Britannica    www.britannicatopic/Albanian language    britannica   Albanian language is the only modern representative of a distinct branch of the Indo European language family. Thats why it is so studied in the accademic and scientific language studies community.  As for the origin of albanian language there is no evidence  that some other tribe comming from elsewhere brought it in the balkans. A logic assumption is that it descends from a dialect of Illiarian languages but as I said there is are no good studies on that.  As for the relation to greek language  many language scientists agree that there is an ancient link between the two languages and that the albanian language is at least as ancient as the greek one.  It seems also that the names of some greek gods that in greek have no meaning  in albanian have a logical meaning which is surprisingly coherent with their function. For example the name of the greek godess Afrodite in greek doesn’t seem to have a meaning while in albanian it means “near the light of day  becouse Afrodite or Venus is the star that you see just before the dawn. So it seems that for once was the albanian language that influenced the greek one.  There is an interesting discussion about this last paragraph in the following Quora feed :    /Did the greek Gods speak ancient Albanian  Did the greek 'Gods'  speak  ancient Albanian?  Last but not least  I’d like to say that I’m proud to be albanian but I also like to discuss about history only based on scientific evidence and not in simple national proudness.
   I would use equity crowdfunding. For example in Italy we have :    crowdfundme.it/    crowdfundme.it  CrowdFundMe | Investi in Sharewood su Crowdfundme.it It gives you the possibility to invest on equity by starting with as little as     $.  Other sites for investing in startup equity that we have in Italy is    mamacrowdprojects    mamacrowd   Project   Mamacrowd and    equitystartup.it/    equitystartup.it  Investi in Equity CrowdFunding su . Such a pitty they are only written in Italian.  In France you can invest with :    sowefund    sowefund   Sowefund | Crowdfunding en action  Or you could use those apps that let you invest in the financial market with very little commissions as for example    robinhood    robinhood   Robinhood
   Finally i found a Youtube video that explains the persistency in Java (JPA) when using Spring Framework :  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/p wD _ jWI?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= p wD _ jWI  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/p wD _ jWI/ .jpg');   /div  This tutorial is great not only for the persistency part but mainly becouse it is offering a course on how to build a full stack application. The “VIEW  part of this application is implemented in AngularJS and the database used is H .
   English!  I liked the sound of english words so I started to try reading without knowing what I was reading. At the beginning for me it was fun as I tried to imitate some american actors. As I’m albanian mothertongue I had no difficoulty in reading in english since the albanian alphabet has    letters which translate in many different sounds. Of course I was making a lot of mistakes but I kept reading and making fun of myself when discovered I was reading some words completly wrong.  Then a friend of mine who knows good english told me that I had a good pronounciation though I have no idea how it was possible. This incentivated me to learn the language in a proper way .. i.e. grammar  writing  etc.. It was very fun and still it remains a pleasure for me to talk and write in English.
   No you dont. You just need to be good in programming and statistics (bayesian statistics). You have to know different tipologies of algorithms such as clustreing  KNN  PCA  collaborative filtering etc..  However  having a PhD in computer science can help you in the Job Market as it can prequalify you for an interview. But you have to proove that you own your skills in any case.
   Some interesting datasets I have find recently are those from Google Research.  For example if you visit Google Research Blog in the following link    research.googleblog    /  /introducing open images dataset.html    googleblog   Introducing the Open Images Dataset you can find a dataset of   million images already labeled accross      categories.  In the same domain there is also the video dataset    research.googleyoutube8m/index.html    google   A Large and Diverse Labeled Video Dataset for Video Understanding Research of  million videos classified in different categories.  There is also the    aws.amazonit/datasets/google books ngrams/    amazon   AWS Public Data Set n gram dataset that can help you determine when a new word started to be used widely.  Last but not least    googletrends.github.io/data/    github.io  Data from Google Trends can help you find new trends in online searching.  For more on datasets by Google you can check also    www.googlepublicdata/directory    google   Google Public Data Explorer  which is updated frequently.  For other types of datasets you can also check this post here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
   I am Albanian. So I would be not neutral in my judgement.  However  the short story is that some Cham Albanians collaborated with fascism during the invasion of Greece. After the fascist lost the war  Greek partisans retaliated on Chams by massacring even the babies in the cradles. As I said I’m Albanian and that’s the version of history I know.  So I invite you to read wikipedia page in english I have linked below. There you can find an objective description of the historic facts on what really happened. I hope it is not very different from mine.  Here for answering the first part of your question    en.wikipedia/wiki/Chameria    wikipedia  Chameria And here for answering the second part of the question    en.wikipedia/wiki/Cham_issue    wikipedia  Cham issue  About “Cham Issue  Albanians and Greeks should sit in a table and talk about what happened and each side should admit its own responsability.
   I have been using WinEdt since      and it is quite ok. Here you find it :    winedt    winedt   WinEdt  But there is also Overleaf. It is an online editor of Latex but it can do much more.  Here you find it    www.overleaf?utm_expid=     7.F fjK  RRYu8no PLCSxsA.     overleaf   Overleaf: Real time Collaborative Writing and Publishing Tools with Integrated PDF Preview  For me it is the best editor. It has many features in the free version and many other features in the pro version. If you invite other people they also give you free space and a free period of free use of the pro version.
   Here you go in the picture :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f   a  c    a  7ca df  8bcfffd 8.webp   By clicking on the picture you can have a better visual.
   I would try with association rule mining. Here you find the explanation of it in wikipedia.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Association_rule_learning    wikipedia  Association rule learning  You can use Apriori or FP Growth it doesn’t matter as they give similar resoults  but FP Growth is much faster.  There are many implementations of association rule mining algorithms such as apriori in R :    www.r bloggersassociation rule learning and the apriori algorithm/    r bloggers   Association Rule Learning and the Apriori Algorithm  or in WEKA :    software.ucv.ro/~cmihaescu/ro/teaching/AIR/docs/Lab Apriori.pdf    ucv.ro  software.ucv.ro/~cmihaesc...  or see the example in youtube from the WEKA creators .  div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/ J gX ySw s?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= J gX ySw s  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/ J gX ySw s/ .jpg');   /div  It is from waikato university and more specifically the course on    weka.waikato.ac.nz/dataminingwithweka/course    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Weka .  Time series analysis could be also a good idea for your transactions data.  Good luck.
    Well the war has just started so lets wait and see how it will evolve.  Having sad that  however Google's supremacy in machine learning and AI is well known.  Here is a short snippet from Allo learning and affirming “He  is learning or trying to.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   c cf7  f  8a dd dd   f b cfe.webp   However Google has much more to do and lets hope there will bè more that just customized search in Allo .
   Something funny is that “He  seems to understand only the “right  questions about “himself  .  For example if you ask “him  if he is dumb the answer is “I dont undestand . BUt then if you ask about Allo being intelligent he would say modestly “I’m brite but I dont know if I’m brilliant .  However thats very very modest for a AI machine.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7 cb 7 f     b dcc ccab e   e.webp   Also Google assistant seem to understand that I live in Europe and I want my weather forcast temperature in Celcius not in Fahrenheit.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 8f f     dca    b   7ed  e   .webp   It seems “He “ got it : )
   Just make a parser (in any programming language)that will read the georeferenced data and will parse each category in order to assign a style and color to the traces based on their charateristics.  For example the placemarks in the picture are colored based on a certain feature of the places they reppresent. Their size also reppresents another feature of the places where they are.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   f7 cdae bd   efe 7 7ab 7da.webp   In the same way the colored path bellow represents a trip done by car  train  bike etc.. where each piece of the trip is colored in a different way.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d 7da    bba  d7 be e a  e   b .webp   I usually do it in Java but you can use any language such as python or R.
   I’m a computer science researcher and I work with data  mainly CDR (Call Description Data). These kind of data cannot be shared due to NDA (Non Disclosure Agreement) and privacy issues though the data is anonymized.  However the people which the data belong can be re identified as this work shows :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  Another type of data I have been using for my studies/publications is location social data from Twitter  Instagram and Flickr. This kind of data is also sensible and cannot be shared.  A little off topic but if you are looking for open data here is a post where you can find different types of data :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion
   You find the answers in this scientific paper.    sciencedirectscience/article/pii/S                sciencedirect   Selecting the right objective measure for association analysis  And here is another (older version) of the same paper    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=77        acm  Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns  Enjoy reading : )
   I appreciate all the answers I got and thank you all. However I find a paper that presents somehow a more scientific approach. I want to share it in case someone finds it interesting.  Here is the paper :    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=77        acm  Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns  and here a updated version of it     sciencedirectscience/article/pii/S                sciencedirect   Selecting the right objective measure for association analysis
   You should use R.  If you have to put your graphics in a publication then R is the best tool and it is free.  I have been using it for my publications :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection  and here    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  A nice example of how to use R for a heat map like the one you show above can be seen here :    www.r bloggerssearch/heatmap    r bloggers   Heatmap | R bloggers
  Hidden Markov chain methods are also used in manufacturing industry to predict the probability that a machinery Will break at some point of the production line.  As an Industrial engineer I have studied these mathematical methods for the “Production systems management .
   It is pretty good.  I have done   courses there so far : “Programming in R    “Data scientist toolbox  and “Reproducible research  and I find it really interesting.  I definitely recommend it for beginners in R programming and Data Science.
   Check this post on Quora    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  There are different links on kind of dataset from urban data (such as pollution and traffic) to anonymized personal data such as fitness band data.
    One of the most accurate predictions was made by    en.wikipedia/wiki/Nate_Silver    wikipedia  Nate Silver   probably one of the most successful predictors of modern times.  He correctly predicting      presidential race outcomes in every state plus the District of Columbia — a perfect  /   score while in   elections he predicted the results with only a small error. Infact he scored  /  missing only Indiana  which went to Obama by a mere  %.  In his book (a bestseller) “The signal and the noise  you can find even more on prediction.
   This example of machine learning applied to the energy sector In Germany is the most recent one.     popularmechanicstechnology/infrastructure/a    /germany machine learning power grid/?socialflowFB    popularmechanics   Germany Is Using AI to Smooth the Fluctuations in Its Power Grid  The main problem with renewable energy sources is that they can never provide a constant source of power.  So researcher are developing a system that uses machine learning to predict the amount of energy generated by renewables over the next few days. This will allow a better match between the production and the demand and also will optimize the energy production mix.  The system is not yet functioning real time but they should have it ready for the     as most of the wind and solar farms in the country will be transmitting live data .
   There are some very recent start ups that use machine learning for their core business services so they can be called machine learning startups .  They are hot as one of them was recently bought by IBM and maybe also the others will follow the flow.  Startups   Turi (Previous Dato)    turisolutions/use cases.html    turi   Machine Learning Use Cases  Alchemy    alchemyapiproducts/demo    alchemyapi   Demo (part of IBM now)  Descartes    descarteslabs    descarteslabs   Descartes Labs: Home     somatixincsmokebeat/    somatixinc   Smokebeat | Somatix  developed by    somatixincabout/    somatixinc   About us | Somatix  Some interesting projects but not (yet) startups  are also :     popularmechanicstechnology/infrastructure/a    /germany machine learning power grid/?socialflowFB    popularmechanics   Germany Is Using AI to Smooth the Fluctuations in Its Power Grid  And also Google is using machine learning to reduce energy consumption bills of its data centers:    datacenterknowledgearchives/   /  / 8/google using machine learning boost data center efficiency/    datacenterknowledge   Google Using Machine Learning to Boost Data Center Efficiency | Data Center Knowledge
   These are some of the start ups that use machine learning for their core business services such as face recognition  language detection  making predictions on any kind of field  health care services etc..  Startups   Alchemy    alchemyapiproducts/demo    alchemyapi   Demo  Turi (Previous Dato)    turisolutions/use cases.html    turi   Machine Learning Use Cases  Descartes    descarteslabs    descarteslabs   Descartes Labs: Home     somatixincsmokebeat/    somatixinc   Smokebeat | Somatix  developed by    somatixincabout/    somatixinc   About us | Somatix  Other interesting projects but not (yet) startups  are also :     popularmechanicstechnology/infrastructure/a    /germany machine learning power grid/?socialflowFB    popularmechanics   Germany Is Using AI to Smooth the Fluctuations in Its Power Grid  And also Google is using machine learning to reduce energy consumption bills of its data centers:    datacenterknowledgearchives/   /  / 8/google using machine learning boost data center efficiency/    datacenterknowledge   Google Using Machine Learning to Boost Data Center Efficiency | Data Center Knowledge
   Check this post on    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  There you find many machine learning (and not) algorithms visualized in an interactive way.  Also a good resource is this one :    r d .us/visual intro to machine learning part  /    r d .us  A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning
   Check my answer at :    /What is an intuitive explanation of over fitting particularly with a small sample set What are you essentially doing by over fitting How does the over promise of a high R² low standard error occur/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What is an intuitive explanation of over fitting  particularly with a small sample set? What are you essentially doing by over fitting? How does the over promise of a high R²  low standard error occur? there is also the process of fitting a model explained in the answer.
   I know a paper about association rule mining which is quite well written:    www users.cs.umn.edu/~kumar/dmbook/ch .pdf    umn.edu  www users.cs.umn.edu/~ku... In particular  in section  .7.  there is a paragraph about “Objective measures of interestingness  where the authors highlight the limits of the support   confidence framework by defining an “Interest factor  which can be another method other than support   conficence and lift.  In another interesting work about association rule mining you find ways how to visualize the association in R by using a package called “arulesViz . It also help undestand and communicate results of association rule mining analysis. Here you find it :    cran.r project/web/packages/arulesViz/vignettes/arulesViz.pdf    r project  cran.r project/web/p...  I hope my answer helped the discussion.
   If by better option you mean time of execution then FP Growth algorithm is already the best.  As for the results it gives in terms of association rules or frequent patterns discovered it is as precise as the Apriori algorithm but it performs much better in terms of execution time.  I find this document very useful for understanding these algorithms :    www users.cs.umn.edu/~kumar/dmbook/ch .pdf    umn.edu  www users.cs.umn.edu/~ku...
   There are many pitfalls when you try to build and use machine learning applications.  Probably  a good part of those pitfalls are due to a first issue to deal with  which is : what is the best algorithm or method to use for your problem ?  A good paper to read for this and many other pitfalls in machine learning is : “A few useful things to know about machine learning   .  Here is the copy edited by ACM :    dl.acm/citation.cfm?id=  77      acm  A few useful things to know about machine learning but there is also a free version of this paper online.
    Machine learning is a field that is going mainstream and in particular following the Big Data era. There are many good books you can read. Some are focused in the math  probability and statistics behind machine learning itself. Other books are more code and application oriented.  The programming language one can use may also determine the choice of the book. I prefere Java and R and have read books where those programming languages are used. Also Python is a good candidate for machine learning applications.  Since theory without practice is empty and practice without theory is blind  I’ll try to bring here both types of books :  So here is my list of books:   a)  if you want to focus in the math of ML then try :     www.amazon.it/Elements Statistical Learning Prediction Statistics ebook/dp/B   7 AS E/ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=machine+learning+math;qid=      ;sr=     amazon.it  The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining  Inference  and Prediction  Second Edition (Springer Series in Statistics) eBook: Trevor Hastie  Robert Tibshirani  Jerome Friedman: Amazon.it: Kindle Store   b)  if you want instead to try some code in the different languages then   If you use Java and in particular a ML framework called Weka there is :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/book.html    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining: Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques  As a second choice could be the    bostjankaluza.net/machine learning in java/    bostjankaluza.net  Machine Learning in Java which other than Weka uses different ML (such as Mallet) libraries in Java   If R programming is your favorite language :     it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning with R   nd Edition     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers   If you use Python then have a look to :     it ebooks.info/book/ 7 8/    it ebooks.info  Building Machine Learning Systems with Python   nd Edition     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Mastering Machine Learning with scikit learn    By using Scala you can try :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Scala for Machine Learning
   Quite reliable. There are almost    % of the worth to read papers.
    If you programm in Java then you can use JSOUP which is a library for web scraping. You can find it here :    jsoup/    jsoup  jsoup Java HTML Parser  with best of DOM  CSS  and jquery
    Use scihub :    sci hub.cc    sci hub.cc  removing barriers in the way of science  This is why u should use it    sciencemag/news/    /  /whos downloading pirated papers everyone    sciencemag  Who's downloading pirated papers? Everyone
    One of them is Weka. With Weka you have already implemented and ready to use Machine Learning algorithms such as Clustering  Association Rules  Classification algorithms (as tree classifier)  making prediction with linear regression.  You can use it inside your eclipse IDE but it comes also with a nice GUI you can use if you do not know how to program in Java.  You can use the GUI to visualize the results of the algorithms. For example clustering of Tree classifier as you can see in this post here :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Another usefull tool for machine learning algorithms (this time for text processing ) is Mallet.    mallet.cs.umass.edu/    umass.edu  MALLET homepage  It is one of the best for the following tasks: document classification  clustering  topic modeling  information extraction  and other machine learning applications to text as sentiment analysis  I have been using those two and I can say they are pretty good.  Other tools worth of mention are also Apache Mahout:    mahout.apache/    apache  Scalable machine learning and data mining for making recommendation engines.  There is also DeepLearning j    deeplearning j/    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM for applications in Java of neural networks for example in image recognition.
 I like very much Weka. With Weka you have already implemented and ready to use Machine Learning algorithms such as Clustering  Association Rules  Classification algorithms (as tree classifier)  making prediction with linear regression. There is also a GUI you can use if you are not familiar with Java.  The GUI also helps you visualize the results of the algorithms. For example clustering of Tree classifier as you can see in this post here :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Another usefull tool for machine learning algorithms (this time for text processing ) is Mallet.    mallet.cs.umass.edu    umass.edu  MALLET homepage  It is one of the best for the following tasks   document classification    clustering      topic modeling     information extraction     other machine learning applications to text as sentiment analysis  I have been using those two and I can say they are pretty good.  Other tools worth of mention are also Apache Mahout:    mahout.apache    apache  Scalable machine learning and data mining for making recommendation engines.  There is also DeepLearning j    deeplearning j    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM for applications in Java of neural networks for example in image recognition.
 A heat map would do the job in your case.  For that you can use the Google Maps APIs    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/layer heatmap    google   Heatmaps  You would have a similar result as the following :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 7fc8c  aa 7ca     fce  dc e d7 .webp
 I read the two previous answers and I totally agree with them. I would however add some other names to this list. The order in which they are listed does not indicate their importance.   Nate Silver. He is a famous statistician. Here you find more about him :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Nate_Silver    wikipedia  Nate Silver   Alex Pentland. Probably one of the best scientists in social science.    en.wikipedia/wiki/Alex_Pentland    wikipedia  Alex Pentland      en.wikipedia/wiki/Carlo_Ratti    wikipedia  Carlo Ratti . Even he is an architect he innovates a lot in his field through the use of data analysis and data science.  All of them are indicated as “Top N  most influetial/smartest persons by Forbes  FastCompany and Wired.
 One of the most difficoult aspects of data science and machine learning is that there are always different problems to attack.  That’s why there are no best classifiers. But probably the best classifier for the single problem (tree classifier or regression classifier).
As the name of the problem “Market Basket  says it is about items that customers by in conjunction with each other.   For example beer and chips tend to be sold together for obvious reasons ; ) .  But however there are some “not so obvious  examples such as beer and diapers or tuna and toothpaste. In the first case the people (usually the men) used to by diapers in store tend to grab a pack of beers also and in the second case the people that eat tuna fish are more likely to brush their teeth more often.  Here are some applications of the Market Basket Analysis problem.    Item affinity : This defines the likelihood of two (or more) items being sold together   Identification of driver items : it is about the identification of the items that drive people to the store and always need to be in stock     Trip classification : it analyzes the content of the basket and classifies the shopping trip into a category: weekly grocery trip  special occasion etc..    Store to store comparison : Understanding the number of baskets allows any metric to be divided by the total number of baskets  effectively creating a convenient and easy way to compare the stores with different characteristics (units sold per customer  revenue per transaction  number of items per basket  and so on)    Revenue optimization: it  helps in determining the magic price points for this store  increasing the size and value of the market basket     Marketing:  it is about identifying more profitable advertising and promotions  targeting offers more precisely in order to improve ROI  generating better loyalty card promotions with longitudinal analysis  and attracting more traffic to the store    Operations optimization:  it is about matching the inventory to the requirement by customizing the store and assortment to trade area demographics  optimizing store layout
 In general overfitting increases with the model complexity.   Simple rigid models underfit the data and have big errors in absolute value. As model complexity increases  it describes the underlying structure of the training data better and better  and by this  the error decreases.  If the model is too complex  it overfits the training data and its prediction error increases again.  Some tricks for controlling overfitting are :   Use a smaller set of attributes that simplifies the models and makes them easier to interpret by users. It also requires shorter training and reduces overfitting.   Also to avoid overfitting  it is important that the dataset used for training the post processing phase is not the same as the one used for training the activity recognition model.     Use of crossvalidation tecniques.  The problem of overfitting can be reassumed as :  the model fits the training data too well and performs poorly on real examples. For an intuitive explanation look at the graphics below.  The left one fits the data well as it goes through the points approximating their disposition but without trying to catch them all. This instead is done by the right graphics which overfitts.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg cdb  e   f  a  d7e a 7   cb .webp   There are different examples of overfitting in machine learning algorithms and applications. Just make a simple research with google.
 Of course it is!  Even the personal data is released in an anonymized format it can always harm privacy. Experinxe shows that it can be reasonably easy to re identify it by integrating it with other side information which is publically available.  Here is a paper bringing an example of how the anonymized data can be de anonymized (thus harming individuals privacy ) :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  But however big data (and personal data) is also usefull for research purposes so it must be used for common good.  I think there must be found a balance between the two things(privacy perserving and research). There are already different practises such as differential privacy.  One of the main contributors in Social Science (and Computational Social Science) is Alex Pentland. He has written a paper addressing those issues.  It is called “Big Data: Balancing the Risks and Rewards of Data Driven Public Policy    You can find it here for free :    www .weforum/docs/GITR/   /GITR_Chapter . _   .pdf    weforum  www .weforum/docs/GIT...  I would suggest you read it carefully in order to understand this delicate balance.
I think there must be found a balance between the two things.  One of the main contributors in Social Science (and Computational Social Science) is Alex Pentland. He has written a paper addressing those issues.  It is called “Big Data: Balancing the Risks and Rewards of Data Driven Public Policy    You can find it here for free :    www .weforum/docs/GITR/   /GITR_Chapter . _   .pdf    weforum  www .weforum/docs/GIT...  I would suggest you read it carefully in order to understand this delicate balance.  Another paper bringing an example of how the anonymized data can be of good use for reseach purpose but can also be de anonymized (thus harming individuals privacy ) is :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data
   In recent years  smaller personal devices such   smart phones  and notebooks are replacing traditional computer platforms such as workstations  PCs and servers. Computers are integrated increasingly into everyday devices and expand their operational capacities.  These so called embedded systems  such as driver assistance systems in cars can be controlled using a PC in the office or via mobile telephone. This trend in computers becoming smaller and smaller makes it possible for an ubiquitus presence.  THis presence in terms of sensors of any type and local computing power brings an unprecedented opportunity to gather data and analyse it even real time.  In particular by the collaboration between humans and this devices(such as smartphones) can be created a huge range of applications. In this paper there are some examples in urban context for smart city applications.     ieeexplore.ieee/xpl/login.jsp?arnumber=    7 ;tp=;url=http% A% F% Fieeexplore.ieee% Fiel7% F      % F      % F     7 .pdf% Farnumber% D    7     ieee  Collective Awareness for Human ICT Collaboration in Smart Cities  Another paper combining different data sources (mainly from pervasive devices as smartphones) to achieve event detection is    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection
 I think there is already everything. For example for music manipulation in Java there is :    jmir.sourceforge.net    sourceforge.net  jMIR
 Let me list some applications of text mining:   text categorization into specific domains for example spam   non spam emails or for detecting sexualy explicit content ;   text clustering to automatically organize a set of documents. Lets say you have a folder of      documents in .pdf and you want to organize them…. by hand. Go ahead and lets meet again in Quora in          sentiment analysis to identify and extract subjective information in documents. Detect what your customers are saying about your company when they use social media    concept/entity extraction that is capable of identifying people  places  organizations  and other entities from documents. Well this has as a limit only the immagination.    document summarization to automatically provide the most important points in the original document. This is particulary good for news summary     learning relations between named entities. Here an intresting paper :    link.springerchapter/  . 7% F 7           _7#page      springer   Identifying Semantic Relations Between Named Entities from Chinese Texts   Another subtask in NLP is also POS or parts of speech of the language. In this task you try to associate part of speach—such as nouns  adjectives  verbs—to words in a text  based on context and relationship to adjacent words.    Another important task in NLP is coreference resolution. It is about understanding references to multiple entities existing in the text and disambiguating that reference.  For example the sentence  “Obama told Joe Biden that he should consider running for president  is one of those phrases which contains coreferences (Joe Biden and he). This task is considered as a stepping stone in doing more complex tasks such as question answering and summarization  And of course there are many other applications... try making some research and you will be amazed of the state of art in this field of computer science.
 As an API service I want to mention here the topic annotator of TagMe.    acube.di.unipi.it/tagme/    unipi.it  TAGME technology  TagME is able to identify meaningful sequences of words in a short text and link them to a pertinent Wikipedia page. This contextualization has implications which go far beyond the enrichment of the text with explanatory links  because it concerns  in some way  with the  understanding of the topics dealt within the text itself.
There are different software I could mention. MALLET for example is a good one especially for Java developers.  As an API service I want to bring here the topic annotator of TagMe.    acube.di.unipi.it/tagme/    unipi.it  TAGME technology  TagME is able to identify meaningful sequences of words in a short text and link them to a pertinent Wikipedia page. This contextualization has implications which go far beyond the enrichment of the text with explanatory links  because it concerns  in some way  with the  understanding of the topics dealt within the text itself.
Through APIs. Twitter  Instagram  Flickr  Facebook have AN open architecture and this allows to query their databases. You can make a client or use a third party library in Java for example to query their REST service for geo referenced data for example.
It is very difficoult to learn it on your own at least at the begining. You need first to study statistics and coding in some programming language like R for example. Then you need to follow some free courses online (coursera is one of the best) that will teach you how to do data mining .For example you will learn how to:   Define the question for data mining process.   tidy the data     Explore the data    Build a model (statistical or ML model)    Perform the analysis     Check and critique results    Write things up  There is much more to learn but you can start with statistics  algorithms and coding.
    Thank you for the A A.  I will take as an example of social network Twitter.   There are many different patterns that emerge from the analysis of this kind of data. I will try to bring here the most evident and hopefully important ones that emmerge from a study of the university of Illinois in collaboration with social media data vendor GNIP. From this study the Global Twitter Heartbeat  project originated.  Lets start with the time in which Twitter users connect and tweet about facts and happening. This behavior can be modelled as a time series analysis. Well it emerges that there are two peaks of activity during the day. One around    o'cloack in the morning and another one around     o'cloack in the evening.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   c7  ba d c 787  a8e7ffe bef .webp   The left graphics is about the week days and the right one about the weekend days.  With regard to the tweets made with a geographic reference there are different patterns that emerge .   Geographic proximity is found to play a minimal role both in who users communicate with and what they communicate about   Geography plays little role in the location of influential users  with the volume of retweets instead simply being a factor of the total population of tweets originating from that city. The average distance between a pair of connected Twitter users is     miles.   Global Twitter usage correlates with urbanization and energy    consumption.It    consumption.it  consumption.it means that Twitter is reliant on the same electrical and network infrastructure as other Internet media and thus has difficulty penetrating into rural areas.  The languages used :    English language news are only a small portion of links  accounting for just 7. % of all links while  . % of links from geocoded tweets  and  .8% of georeferenced tweets. Unlike the broader set of all domains  georeferenced tweets  geocoded tweets  and non–geographic tweets all have the same four top news domains such as BBC  CNN  The Guardian etc.. featuring national and international news.   Twitter users tend to rely on a single Twitter client and either enable or disable their geolocation settings as opposed to toggling between the two options. Location identification rises throughout the course of a day  peaking around  p.m.EST (  p.m. PST) and dropping to its lowest levels around   a.m. EST (  a.m. PST).   The top georeferenced cities are Jakarta  New York City  Sao Paulo and Kuala Lumpur. Houston (no.   ) and Dallas (no.   ) make the top  with San Antonio ranked at no.  . The researchers found that only  . 7% of tweets written in English include geolocation data.   The residents of most countries speak a single language but there are some exceptions such as Hungary and Serbia. As for Africa’s English  and French speaking populations  they reside primarily in different regions. United States tweets are mainly in English  but data show a clusters of other languages throughout the country  especially in the Midwest.   The Pareto law is evident in the statistics. Twitter content is generated by a small number of users. The top  % of users account for % of all tweets  while the top  % of users  or approximately     users  produce   % of all tweets. About   % of users during the studyperiod tweeted just once  while half tweeted between one and four times.   As for the text  the average tweet consists of  .  words and 7  characters.  Finnaly I want to say that there are also different other studies on other social networks but I liked this one as it is done in a very large scale. More that    % of all tweets worldwide are analysed during a period of    days.
   The is a more easy way  you can use graphhopper. Here is the project on github :    githubgraphhopper/graphhopper    github   graphhopper/graphhopper  The quick start for developers can be found here:    githubgraphhopper/graphhopper/blob/master/docs/core/quickstart from source.md    github   graphhopper/graphhopper  All you have to do is export a the map of new yourk from openstreemap and load it into graphhopper.  Then you can query it as it was a database for road paths  places and intersections that are the crossroads you are looking for. It will give you everytime a string of coordinates. This way you can query it for the coordinates of only intersections.  However graphhopper gives you the possibility to do a lot more that just find intersections coordinates of a place.
      Here you find a good examples of making heatmaps in R by using as map data the Google Maps  OpenStreetMap  or Stamen Maps services .      rpubsnickbearman/r google map making    rpubs   Using R for Google Map Making      geo.ut.ee/aasa/LOOM     /heatmap_in_R.html    ut.ee  geo.ut.ee/aasa/LOOM  ...        blog.dominodatalabgeographic visualization with rs ggmaps/    dominodatalab   Geographic visualization with R's ggmap   Data Science Blog by Domino  I hope you find what you wanted.
      As I see it before jumping to the difference between model trees and regression trees let’s illustrate what a tree is and what linear regression means.  A tree (for example a decision tree) in its most simple form  models a binary decision i.e yes or no or mutually exclusive events as in the figure below.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg e bee   d  d   b b8e d bca   .webp   A tree is also a good way to build a classifier that decides how to proceed every time by modelling its decisions of classification as a tree. For example the classifier in this case will try to predict the outlook given a set of variables such as wind and humidity.  The regression instead is a way to predict the value of a dependent variable Y given the independent variable X and given that X and Y are “interconnected  by a function F. It means that Y is a function of X or has a relationship to X by F in a linear way.  Now the linear regression graphically can be represented as    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg         b    c ffa cd   7.webp   The variable X can be used the predict the variable Y  with a certain error.  Sometimes however there will be more that one function F for a given interval of X as in the picture below. Another way to see it is that F is not linear any more.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e  f  f b     f7d    8aa  .webp   This behavior of the Y dependent variable can be modelled by using a regression tree. The way to proceed is similar to that of a simple binary decision tree.  I hope I made myself clear in this answer.
   Here is a collection of different datasets    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion organized by category.  At the point    you find this    vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/~vicente/sbucaptions/    stonybrook.edu  Im Text: Describing Images Using   Million Captioned Photographs and there is also  this    illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7     illinois.edu  Flickr   k ; Denotation Graph data  I hope one of those may be of your case.  Good luck.
  This page for me is the most complete one.    www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/    ntu.edu.sg  www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehch...  There you find not only simple exercises on OOP in Java but also web and game development in Java  how to connect Java code to databases and so on.
  Yes.  There is Apache commons math.  In particular the random class. As in MC simulations you generate random numbers to represent phenomena happening during time then this class is particularly useful     commons.apache/proper/commons math/apidocs/org/apache/commons/math /random/package summary.html    apache  commons.apache/proper...
   I think there are the mobile phone companies that are generating the most interesting data. The data that come from the mobile phone network also called Call Description Records are just incredible.  There are many scientific papers that provide examples of applications that use CDR data to solve a large number of problems in urban planning  traffic management and ride sharing applications  event detection in urban environment  infective disease spread in time and space  land use and social issues etc..  Here a collection of those papers presented during the last NetMob conference in US    netmob/    netmob  NetMob        April    MIT Media Lab  Also the D D (Data  Development) data challenge program or Orange the french operator is prooving to be a good generator of ideas . Here the challenge based on CDR from Senegal    arxiv/abs/  7. 8     arxiv  The Second Mobile Phone Data for Development Challenge  and Cote d’Ivore    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development  Next I would list the data generated from the banking and financial sector.  But the problem is that in both cases   CDR and banking data  it is quite difficoult for those companies to release the data and harvest the power of crowdsourcing (exception made for Orange so far). This kind of data is personal and it may harm the privacy if released.  Even anonymized those data are subject to re identification as shows the article bellow :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data
  I speak albanian (mother tongue)  greek  english and italian mostly becouse I have been living in Greece  Italy and Denmark and.. yes mixing up languages is not the worst thing. It seems  to me that I have no difficoulty in reading other languages nor slow downs as long as I exercise in reading in a particular language.  However I will tell my experience with knowing  different languages and speaking them almost everyday.   Something very strange that happens to me is that when I go to Facebook where I follow different pages in the aforementioned languages.. I try to read italian or sometimes english and my brain “think  that what I'm reading is albanian. Sometime happens the the same thing viceversa and of course I have friends from different countries in Fb and the same thing happens when I read their comments.  One day I spoke to my mother (which understands only one word in italian i.e. “ciao ) in Italian thinking that I was speaking in albanian and only alter some time I realized what Language I was using. My mother is still laughing. Something worth to note is also the fact that it's  months now that I am a dad. As my wife is Italian we are speaking to our son each in his / her own language. Today he just told one of his first words.  It was  gezuar  which in Albanian means cheers.
     Not Always. It depends on data quality and sometimes on data variety. More than “more data  I would say more different datasets.  If you have more different between them datasets then you can make some data fusion and integrate the information to have better insights.  It means that the value generated from integrating the different datasets is bigger than the sum of the different parts.
    Here is a post collecting more that    links on datasets available online for free.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  There are urban data about pollution  mobility  electricity usage  weather. Personal data such as fitbit data of sleep and walk activity. Aggregated data on call description records. International statistics by country and statistics about society and culture.
   Here I wanted to collect and share some links on where to find data of about any type : spatial data  international statistical data  aggregated mobile activity data  georeferenced social network data weather data  polution data  even electricty consumption data.  Here are some of my favourite bookmarks. I’ll try to divide them by category  spatial data  Here can be found spatial data in shape file format .shp Is the best free service I know so far :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  Another data source providing spatial data is also Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency     eea.europa.eu/data and maps/data/urban atlas#tab methodology    europa.eu  Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency  It provides data on land use and land cover data for Large Urban Zones with more than  .    inhabitants. The GIS data can be downloaded together with a map for each urban area covered and a report with the metadata.  Another source of spatial data is :     explorer.earthengine.goo  explorer.earthengine.goo ... of google earth.  Mobility data as GPS traces  GeoLife: Building social networks using human location history    research.microsoften us/projects/geolife/default.aspx    microsoft   GeoLife: Building Social Networks Using Human Location History   Microsoft Research     international statistics about countries and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc  IndexMundi   Country Facts  Data | The World Bank  The World Factbook     palgraveconnectp    palgraveconnect   Palgrave Connect ...   .    for american data there is PEW Research : Download Datasets   .    for italian data there is Istat :    Istat.it  Istat.it   A singular dataset is also GDELT : Global Dataset of Events Language and Tone. It collects events in a global scale and it has a spatio temporal and semantic dimension.  The GDELT Project   Geo referenced tweets .This dataset brings data from Twitter as tweets over the Milan city  Italy.  Open Data Institute   node Trento     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento    Aggregated mobile phone data:     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  . Such kind of data can be find in the data challenges D D (Data  Development) organized by Orange telecom company released as in data for development of Senegal : data for development and Ivory Coast: presentation  These challenges are now over but the company repeats the challenge almost every year so stay tuned.    Weather data as temerature measurements :     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  It contains measurements about temperature  precipitation and wind speed/direction taken in    Weather Stations and   minutes time interval    Electricity usage data :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  The dataset supplies information regarding the current flowing through the distribution lines and details about how the distribution lines are spread over the Trentino territory.     Geo  referenced News data i.e. news with location     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento      Air quality :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  The type and the intensity of the pollution are continuously measured by different sensors located within the city limits. Each sensor has a unique ID  a type and a location. Different sensors can share the same location   Datset for testing a recommendation system: MovieLens it has        ratings from    users on     movies.    Some links on data sets containing images video and text:     .  )      image text pairs from Wikipedia):     svcl.ucsd.edu/project  svcl.ucsd.edu/project ...     .  ) One million images with captions :    vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/    stonybrook.edu  Index of / ...     .  ) Flickr  K dataset:  7  images   captions per image.     illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7     illinois.edu  Flickr   k ; Denotation Graph data     .  ) Microsoft Research Video Description Corpus     . ) The Multimodal Dyadic Behavior Dataset     . ) NASA satellite images of earth since      :    asterweb.jpl.nasa.gov/gal  asterweb.jpl.nasa.gov/gal ...    . Insight   BBC Datasets Two news article datasets  originating from BBC News.      Urban big data:     .  ) Chicago city : City of Chicago | Data Portal     .  ) New York city : NYC Open Data    . ) Different cities in China Forecasting Fine Grained Air Quality Based on Big Data     . ) Quanturb :    quanturb    quanturb   QuantUrb     . ) Open data of any kind :    Places to Find Open Data on the Web   ScribbleLive   Your Content Marketing Software     Panama Papers dataset: ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database     Fitness dataset from a user’s Fitbit device. The data are collected in one year from May     to May     .  There is included different kind of activity such as walking  intense training and sleeping.  Walking and training activity:    drive.googleopen?id= Bx yoK aogTSbGJ WlkwYjlHejQ    google   OneYearFitBitData.csv  Sleep activity:    drive.googleopen?id= Bx yoK aogTSMUFqRjVNcko WlU    google   OneYearFitBitDataSleep.csv  And finally here you find the post updated :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  with new links for incomming datasets :
      As for location data I would distinguish between two types :  spatial data   Here can be found spatial data in shape file format .shp Is the best free service I know so far :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  Another source of spatial data is :     explorer.earthengine.goo  explorer.earthengine.goo ...  of google earth.  Mobility data as GPS traces   GeoLife: Building social networks using human location history     microsoften us/research/project/geolife building social networks using human location history    microsoft   GeoLife: Building Social Networks Using Human Location History   Microsoft Research  And this post shows  you a number of links to different datasets freely available online.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion
    Java is a great choice and in particular as I see you have some web development knowledge after Learning Java try to learn Spring :    projects.spring.io/spring framework/    spring.io  Spring Framework the Java framework for web development. It is one of the best.
   Then do what you like. You will realize that as you grow old there is only one thing to do. Be honest to yourself.
    Leaflet for example for the location data visualization. It is available here :    leafletjs    leafletjs   Leaflet — an open source JavaScript library for interactive maps  Google charts for visualizing charts :    developers.googlechart/    google   Charts  |  Google Developers  Heatmap as :    www.patrick wied.at/static/heatmapjs/    patrick wied.at  Dynamic Heatmaps for the Web   heatmap.js for visualizing hetmaps in real time  :  And of course there is the good old JQuery
   I would say they are much more important than the place where you graduated. And this for one big reason. The pubblications show your research work that you have done during your PhD. They are also “certified  so to speak by a community of researchers and scientists that have reviewed and eventually cited your pubblications in the last years. If your pubblications are good and innovative than you have a big number of citations and that certainly is a garanty of your research work. On the other hand you might have a degree at some prestigious university but “the problem nowdays is that we have a big number of graduated people but a small number of educated people . I phylosopher that I can’t recall the name once stated that phrase more or less.
  It depends on what you want to do.  However I would go for two languages.  One Object  Oriented and one Functional.  For example Java and Scala respectively.  Java is a general purpose language so spending some time with it will  be a good investment while Scala has a great future and it's syntax is Java like.. So you get two birds with one stone as they say in Italy.
     Yes  definitely. Java though verbose  is a good language for data cleaning and analysis.   For the data cleaning you can use the String class and its numerous methods to manipulate the records of a dataset .  Specially  for data analysis and statistics there are different libraries such as  apache commons math   for machine learning algorithms as for example Weka or data visualization as JfreeChart library.
    I’ll try to explain it in an intuitive way through two examples:  Supervised   An example of supervised learning algorithm can be a credit card fraud detection  where the learning algorithm is presented with credit card transactions classified as normal or suspicious.  The classification is done by hand and the algorithm learns by it. At the end the algorithm produces a decision model that classifies future transactions as normal or suspicious.  Unsupervised   Unsupervised learning discovers hidden patterns in the data. An example of unsupervised learning is an item based recommendation system  where the learning algorithm discovers similar items bought together.  For example   people who bought book “Harry Potter  also bought book “Lord of Rings  /i .
   Machine learning vs Data Science : Here is what I like as a definition.   Data Science : a tweet of Josh Wills describes data science as :   Data scientist is a person who is better at statistics than any software engineer and better at software engineering than any statistician .   So a data scientist integrates methods from statistics  computer science  and other fields to gain insight from data.  Machine Learning : as described by Arthur Samuel in the   ′ can be defined as :    Machine Learning relates with the study  design and development of the algorithms that give computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed .
    I did a PhD in computer science and pervasive computing. At the first year I was   so I obtained it when I was   years old. I enjoyed the period of study (I had the opportunity to participate in different international conferences   summer schools and travel a lot) even it was very challenging.  During the last year of the PhD I also became a dad and it was a wonderful thing but in the same time it increased the level of difficoulty for my PhD studies as my time had to be divided between the different things I had to do.  However the difficulties  it was a rewarding experience I would do it again even if I was .  As for the opportunities it gives you the chance to meet interesting people and dive into the ocean of scientific research. That is the most great thing and changes your life completely.  More concretely you can work in the R;D area in a big company or you can fund your own startup / company.
     Just like Shehroz Khan said I would recommend the boxplot rule.  I have been using it for detecting events in a city. Typically events that engage many people  such as football matches or concerts. This work originates by analysing an aggregated mobile dataset.  Here is the article :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection
    I would recommend deeplearning j . Here you find it :    deeplearning j    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM
    I would recommend to buy these ones :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Head First Java   nd Edition     it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Beginning Java   Free Download eBook   pdf     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Java Programming    Hour Trainer  They cover different areas of Java Programming from the simplest flow control instructions to OOP modelling.
    These are some good ones I would recommend :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Head First Java   nd Edition     it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Beginning Java   Free Download eBook   pdf     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Java Programming    Hour Trainer  They cover different areas of Java Programming from the simplest flow control instructions to OOP modelling.
    I will provide a list of the books I have found useful as a beginner :      it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Head First Java   nd Edition      it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Beginning Java   Free Download eBook   pdf        it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Java Programming    Hour Trainer  And if you want to go further on learning Java then try these other books for game programming  web application or network programming :      it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Killer Game Programming in Java      it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Building Mobile Applications with Java        it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Java Network Programming   rd Edition  A Bonus on Data Structures :    it ebooks.info/book/  78/    it ebooks.info  Data Structures and Algorithms in Java   th Edition  Enjoy ; )
    Here is a book that I like for business analytics with R.     eu.wileyWileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd      X.html    wiley   Data Mining and Business Analytics with R  It has different business analytics examples such as association rules for market basket analysis  Clustering and bayesian analysis.
     Here is a list of books that can help as a platform : )     if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you : Beginning R   .    if you just installed RStudio : Getting Started with RStudio      if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :  R Graphics Cookbook      if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones :  Practical Data Science with R  R for Data Science     if you want to make machine learning then try :  Machine Learning for Hackers     if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :  Social Media Mining with R      if you want some business analytics examples :  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R     if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining R book try :  Data Analysis with R     If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny      If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis using techniques such as PCA then try : Mastering Scientific Computing with R        Predictive analysis on data :  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :  Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
    Here is a list of some books that I like most:    if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you : Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf   . if you just installed RStudio : Getting Started with RStudio   if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :  R Graphics Cookbook     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones :  Practical Data Science with R  R for Data Science   if you want to make machine learning then try :  Machine Learning for Hackers    if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :  Social Media Mining with R     if you want some business analytics examples :  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining R book try :  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis using techniques such as PCA then try : Mastering Scientific Computing with R       Predictive analysis on data :  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :  Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
   Here are some books that I find usefull :   if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you : Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf   . if you just installed RStudio : Getting Started with RStudio   if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :  R Graphics Cookbook     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones :  Practical Data Science with R  R for Data Science    if you want to make machine learning then try :  Machine Learning for Hackers    if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :  Social Media Mining with R     if you want some business analytics examples :  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining R book try :  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis using techniques such as PCA then try : Mastering Scientific Computing with R       Predictive analysis on data :  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :  Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
    I'll try to list some books that are not in this stream yet:    if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you : Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf   . if you just installed RStudio : Getting Started with RStudio    if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :  R Graphics Cookbook     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones :  Practical Data Science with R  R for Data Science    if you want to make machine learning then try :  Machine Learning for Hackers    if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :  Social Media Mining with R     if you want some business analytics examples :  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining R book try :  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one : Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis using techniques such as PCA then try : Mastering Scientific Computing with R       Predictive analysis on data :  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :  Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy : )
     I would say mobile telecomunication and banking. In the mobile case they have to store a lot of data about their customers and their calls  sms and internet connections for billing purposes.  An example of this can be read in this paper :    slideshare.net/alketcecaj/reidentification of anomized cdr datasets using social networlk data    slideshare.net  Re identification of Anomized CDR datasets using Social networlk Data . In just one month the users of a mobile services carrier in Italy generated  more that   million events (that is calls and sms and data connections) in just one region.  Banks also have to andle a lot of data. Data about their users and about transactions they made. Banks have  also  to manage a huge amount of data when as they invest and analyse risk profiles and so on.
   I would say Amazon with its AWS (Amazon Web Services). It is the cheapest right now and the one that has the longest history in the online storage and cloud services.
   I Always use my pc for charging it. It is ok for me.
    Specially in the southern part I would add also the Llogara pass and the Skrapar Canyon.  Here some pics of Skrapar canyon:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a    a7ff   bb 878db a    b87.webp   People are making rafting there and it is becoming an attraction:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d 7     f7b b e ddac  f7 a e  c.webp   And Llogara pass. This is the view of the sea from up there :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg 77eb   f  7c  7a  f d  f a.webp   Enjoy : )
  I want to add to the previous answer that you should also see the city of Berat. Actually Berat is one of the two places that are Unesco World Herritage in Albania. Then I would add the Skrapar Canyon and the city of Korce and the Pogradec lake.
    Hehehe yeah it sometimes make you feel like that.  Two years ago I used to feel like that about my first paper :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs            x    springer   link.springerarticle...  But then I got  citations in just two years which is not bad as a first paper. So be optimistic and keep going.
    You need to make geocoding or reverse geocoding up side down. For that you may use nominatim. It is based in openstreetmap and you can find its api here :    wiki.openstreetmap/wiki/Nominatim    openstreetmap  wiki.openstreetmap/wi...   You then have to make a client in Java or Python and then query the api to give you the coordinates of your addresses .
     Here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion   There are different types of data open to the public that you can use for free. From mobility data to aggregated call records and transportation data to social network and demographics data.
      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion    In this post on Quora you find some interesting links pointing to more than   different kinds of datasets. From international statistics and mobilità data to fitness and social network data.
      I have made available a one user dataset collected during one year using a Fitbit charge HR device.  The dataset regards walking and sleeping activities. Here is the post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion
      Fitbit data is hard to find. This is laso becouse the company (Fitbit) is not making available anonymous fitness data.  However I just made available a one user Fitbit data of walking and sleeping activity colletec in one year. Here the post in my blog Algorithms and Data Fusion :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  The Fitbit dataset can be found in the  th bullet point of the post.
     I just found an anonymous Fitbit Charge HR user data of walk and sleep activity.  The data is collected during one year. From May     to May     .  It can be accessed from this post here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  This specific dataset can be found in the  the point of the post.
     I vote for Fitbit so far. For me is the best :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Fitbit    wikipedia  Fitbit
     My Fitbit charge uses bluetooth connection for the data gathering process. It comunicates with fitbit app in my smartphone and then I guess the data are stored in the Fitbit servers.
     I already found this response in Wikipedia :  One protest in Croatia in the    s  called the     en.wikipedia/wiki/Croatian_Spring    wikipedia  Croatian Spring   was backed by large numbers of Croats who claimed that Yugoslavia remained a Serb hegemony and demanded that Serbia's powers be reduced.  Tito  whose home republic was Croatia  was concerned over the stability of the country and responded in a manner to appease both Croats and Serbs  he ordered the arrest of the Croat protestors  while at the same time conceding to some of their demands. In     Serbia's influence in the country was significantly reduced as autonomous provinces were created in ethnic Albanian majority populated Kosovo and the mixed populated    en.wikipedia/wiki/Vojvodina    wikipedia  Vojvodina .  These autonomous provinces held the same voting power as the republics but unlike the republics  they could not legally separate from Yugoslavia. This concession satisfied Croatia and Slovenia  but in Serbia and in the new autonomous province of Kosovo  reaction was different. Serbs saw the new constitution as conceding to Croat and ethnic Albanian nationalists. Ethnic Albanians in Kosovo saw the creation of an autonomous province as not being enough  and demanded that Kosovo become a constituent republic with the right to separate from Yugoslavia. This created tensions within the Communist leadership  particularly among Communist Serb officials who resented the   7  constitution as weakening Serbia's influence and jeopardising the unity of the country by allowing the republics the right to separate.  An economic crisis erupted in the    s which was the product of disastrous errors by Yugoslav governments  such as borrowing vast amounts of Western capital in order to fund growth through exports  Western economies then entered recession  blocked Yugoslav exports and created a huge debt problem. The Yugoslav government then accepted the    en.wikipedia/wiki/International_Monetary_Fund    wikipedia  IMF loan.  In      according to official sources     firms were declared bankrupt or were liquidated and       workers were laid off. During the first nine months of      directly following the adoption of the IMF programme  another   enterprises with a combined work force of   workers suffered the same fate. In other words  in less than two years  the trigger mechanism  (under the Financial Operations Act) had led to the lay off of more than         workers out of a total industrial workforce of the order of  . million.  An additional   % of the work force  or half a million people  were not paid wages during the early months of      as enterprises sought to avoid bankruptcy. The largest concentrations of bankrupt firms and lay offs were in Serbia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Macedonia and Kosovo. Real earnings were in a free fall and social programmes had collapsed; creating within the population an atmosphere of social despair and hopelessness. This was a critical turning point in the events to follow.
     I will show you one way. Have a look at this projects in github.    githubtrailbehind/DeepOSM?utm_campaign=buffer;utm_content=buffer    c;utm_medium=social;utm_source=facebook     github   trailbehind/DeepOSM  It lets you classify roads and features in satellite imagery  by training neural networks with OpenStreetMap (OSM) data. Even it is not using google earth  the principle is the same.  And it can reach a  % accuracy with only one minute of training.
     public class SayHelloTenTimes{  public static void main (String [] args){  for(int i =  ; vi &lt;   ; i++){  System.out.println(“I say Hello World  +i+  times );  }  }  }
     It depends from the level of the knowledge of english (in my case italian) or however local language. If it is ok  then (theoreticaly) there is no reason to switch in Albanian. If there are difficoulties above all in understanding subtle parts and issues then speaking in albanian becomes a necessity.
   Here is my list :    if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones  :      it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science with R       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R for Data Science       it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science Cookbook   if you want to apply machine learning algorithms to your data then try these books :       it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning with R   nd Edition       it ebooks.info/book/  7/    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning with R Cookbook   .  In particular this one :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Building a Recommendation System with R      if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Social Media Mining with R     if you want some business analytics examples :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining  R book try :       it ebooks.info/book/  /?utm_campaign=Feed% A+IT eBooks+(Free+Download+IT+eBooks);utm_medium=email;utm_source=feedburner    it ebooks.info  Data Analysis with R     If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny    If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis  using techniques such as PCA then try :    it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Mastering Scientific Computing with R
  Here is a post collecting more than  links to R programming blogs and courses or books :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  Also this post here provide a list of R books downloadable for free :    algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Machine Learning and Data Science in R  and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  I hope to contribute to this feed by providing a list of free dowloadable R programming books and a link to a post collecting more than  R programming blogs and resources.    Books :     if you are a very beginner then this are the books for you :      it ebooks.info/book/ 7/    it ebooks.info  Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf       it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Beginning R   nd Edition   . if you just installed RStudio :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Getting Started with RStudio   if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this ones :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R Graphics Cookbook       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Guidebook to R Graphics Using Microsoft Windows   . data visualization using R and Java script      it ebooks.info/book/  7 /    it ebooks.info  Pro Data Visualization using R and JavaScript     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones  :      it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science with R       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R for Data Science       it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science Cookbook    if you want to apply machine learning algorithms to your data then try these books :       it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning with R   nd Edition       it ebooks.info/book/  7/    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning with R Cookbook  .  In particular this one :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Building a Recommendation System with R     if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Social Media Mining with R      if you want some business analytics examples :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining  R book try :       it ebooks.info/book/  /?utm_campaign=Feed% A+IT eBooks+(Free+Download+IT+eBooks);utm_medium=email;utm_source=feedburner    it ebooks.info  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis  using techniques such as PCA then try :    it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Mastering Scientific Computing with R        Predictive analysis on data :       it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Learning Predictive Analytics with R    Bioinformatics with R :    it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Bioinformatics with R Cookbook  analyze biological data using R  performing different types of experiments from microarray to NGS and mass spectrometry.    Analysing Big Data:  R and Hadoop     it ebooks.info/book/  7/    it ebooks.info  Big Data Analytics with R and Hadoop    Hadoop and R could be a good combination.  Post       algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  I would try those ones here :     :    it ebooks.info/book/ 7/    it ebooks.info  Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf     :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers      :     it ebooks.info/book/  /?utm_campaign=Feed% A+IT eBooks+(Free+Download+IT+eBooks);utm_medium=email;utm_source=feedburner    it ebooks.info  Data Analysis with R  And there is much more on R programming in this post :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here are some books that are not in this stream yet:   if you are a very beginner then this is the book for you :    it ebooks.info/book/ 7/    it ebooks.info  Beginning R   Free Download eBook   pdf   . if you just installed RStudio :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Getting Started with RStudio   if you are looking to make cool graphics then try this one :     it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R Graphics Cookbook     if you want some data science algorithms implemented in R these two are the ones  :      it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Practical Data Science with R       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  R for Data Science    if you want to make machine learning then try :       it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Machine Learning for Hackers    if you want to mine social media like twitter for example try :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Social Media Mining with R      if you want some business analytics examples :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R    if you want some general data analysis / processing / mining  R book try :       it ebooks.info/book/  /?utm_campaign=Feed% A+IT eBooks+(Free+Download+IT+eBooks);utm_medium=email;utm_source=feedburner    it ebooks.info  Data Analysis with R    If you want to make some web developemnt using Shiny then try this one :       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Web Application Development with R Using Shiny     If you are involved in any scientific field requiring high dimensional data analysis  using techniques such as PCA then try :    it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Mastering Scientific Computing with R       Predictive analysis on data :       it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Learning Predictive Analytics with R  There is much more on R programming in this post :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  There are many questions in Quora that are interesting and deserve further consideration and this is one of those  It is difficout to list just some  as there are hundreds of algorithms a data miner in the industry has to implement during his career .  However depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means. As for the implementation of it you can use Weka :   cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour ) Also for classification algorithms you can use Weka as it provides up to   different classifiers.    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis.  A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips  frequently . An implementation of association rules can be used by installing Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.     Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if  you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol  There is more stuff on machine learning in this post providing links on different resources :    algo data.quora  Plus Links on Machine Learning algorithms and Data Structures    Plus Links on Machine Learning algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
 Here are some main differences I can think of :     Maven is much more popular than Ant    Maven is a framework for project managment while Ant a building tool        Maven puts more emphasis on re usability     Ant has no pom file as Maven. In Ant you have to provide information about the structure of the project.  So they somehow make the same work but Maven makes it better just as the meaning of Maven itself in Israeli language.
  Here is what I'm using :    The maven guide from the apache site :     maven.apache/guides/getting started/maven in five minutes.html    apache  Maven in  Minutes  . It gives you some basics   This tutorial here    mkyongtutorials/maven tutorials/    mkyong   Maven Tutorial which is more practical than the simple guide of the apache site.      Maven by example book you find here free to download :    books.sonatypemvnex book/pdf/mvnex pdf.pdf    sonatype   books.sonatypemvnex ...  Good luck with maven
 You should know how to program in R or Python for example  and implement algorithms such as clustering or classification ones. You should have good math skills and in particolar statistics. More in particolar bayesian and inferential statistics.  Another skill is also the communication of the results which means being able to descrive the results in simple terms to people from business department for example which have no clue about algorithms.
 I would suggest you to use Apache commons math you find here :    commons.apache/proper/commons math/apidocs/org/apache/commons/math /stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.html    apache  commons.apache/proper...   Just import the jar in your project and start using it. After adding your values in it you can start geting results such as mean   standard deviation etc.. It is very handy to use.
   One of the best ways and most interactive ones I have ever seen is given by this visualization here :    r d .us/visual intro to machine learning part  /    r d .us  A Visual Introduction to Machine Learning  Also other interesting visualizations can be find in   databriks    databricksblog/   /  / 7/visualizing machine learning models.html    databricks   Visualizing Machine Learning Models and   “machine learning demos     mldemos.b silio    b silio   A visualization tool for machine learning  Another way to visualize machine learning algorithms is by using the framework Weka which provides some nice visualizations of its algorithms.  For example in the picture below there is a classification tree visualized with Weka :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d   d    f8a    7e  7 b7d   .webp   You can also visualize other algorithms such as clustering or association rules : Here below is a clustering algorithm also visualized using Weka    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a88e ea      e88dfece   7c f a .webp   You can download Weka from here :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java  Another source where you can se algorithms visualized is    bl.ocks    ocks  Popular Blocks   bl.ocks  In particular there are visualized trees and the Prims algorithm. These visualizations really seem like art pieces.  Here a screenshot:    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  a ef    b  e  ed7b  a f ccf e.webp   Enjoy : )
  You can use Weka.    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java  For example if you apply a classification by using J  classifier then you can visualize it with Weka as in the picture below.     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d   d    f8a    7e  7 b7d   .webp   And here is a post where you can find more links on visualizing algorithms :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here is a post on the most popular Java repositories on github :      algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here is my list.   Depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis.  A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips  frequently .    Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.     Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if  you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol
  About algorithms here are ten of them that are a must . Depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis.  A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips  frequently .    Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.     Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if  you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol
  Depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means . Here is a ppt presentation in slideshare of how kmeans work :    slideshare.net/alketcecaj/algorithms presentation    slideshare.net  Algorithms presentation     Classification algorithms.  Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips frequently .    Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.    Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol  As for Data Structures you have to be familiar with Lists and LinkedLists  HashMaps TreeMaps  Sets and all the different versions. A good book for algorithms and data structures in Java can be found here :    it ebooks.info/book/  78/    it ebooks.info  Data Structures and Algorithms in Java   th Edition and Python    it ebooks.info/book/   7/    it ebooks.info  Data Structures and Algorithms in Python  Good luck.
  Here is a list of the most popular Java projects on github. Some of them use  Junit as well  Web development in Java :      githubplayframework/playframework    github   playframework/playframework Play Framework The Play Frameworkcombines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable webapplications with Java and Scala. Number of stars 7 at the moment ofwritting.  Business      githubCodecademy/EventHub    github   Codecademy/EventHub   Event analytics platform : Number of stars on github      An alternative to that is also    githubkillbill/killbill    github   killbill/killbill     Game development      githublibgdx/libgdx    github   libgdx/libgdx with   stars at the moment.    Collections      githubgoogle/guava    github   google/guava by   stars is the first of its genre.    Date and Time      githubJodaOrg/joda time    github   JodaOrg/joda time  Joda is probably the best with      stars     Dependency injection   The king is    githubspring projects/spring framework    github   spring projects/spring framework with     stars    Logging   Here it is :    githubGraylog /graylogserver    github   Graylog /graylogserver with     stars    Imagery and Video      githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound with      stars is the best. The alternative :   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing  with     stars     API integration      githubopenzipkin/zipkin    github   openzipkin/zipkin  Number of stars =         Science      githubjgrapht/jgrapht    github   jgrapht/jgrapht  with     stars    Database      githubthinkaurelius/titan    github   thinkaurelius/titan with     stars.    Functional programming      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   github      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   orfjackal/retrolambda Nr of stars   7 .      security and authentication      githubscribejava/scribejava    github   scribejava/scribejava  by     stars    Serialization and IO      githubsquare/okio    github   square/okio  with     stars     Machine learning Natural language processing : M     githubstanfordnlp/CoreNLP    github   stanfordnlp/CoreNLP  with  7  stars.      Web crawling and HTML parsing      githubsparklemotion/nokogiri    github   sparklemotion/nokogiri with     stars
  If you are looking for Java repositories here is a list of them sorted by number of stars and category :   Web development in Java :      githubplayframework/playframework    github   playframework/playframework Play Framework The Play Frameworkcombines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable webapplications with Java and Scala. Number of stars 7 at the moment ofwritting.  Business      githubCodecademy/EventHub    github   Codecademy/EventHub   Event analytics platform : Number of stars on github      An alternative to that is also    githubkillbill/killbill    github   killbill/killbill     Game development      githublibgdx/libgdx    github   libgdx/libgdx with   stars at the moment.    Collections      githubgoogle/guava    github   google/guava by   stars is the first of its genre.    Date and Time      githubJodaOrg/joda time    github   JodaOrg/joda time  Joda is probably the best with      stars     Dependency injection   The king is    githubspring projects/spring framework    github   spring projects/spring framework with     stars    Logging   Here it is :    githubGraylog /graylogserver    github   Graylog /graylogserver with     stars    Imagery and Video      githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound with      stars is the best. The alternative :   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing  with     stars     API integration      githubopenzipkin/zipkin    github   openzipkin/zipkin  Number of stars =         Science      githubjgrapht/jgrapht    github   jgrapht/jgrapht  with     stars    Database      githubthinkaurelius/titan    github   thinkaurelius/titan with     stars.    Functional programming      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   github      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   orfjackal/retrolambda Nr of stars   7 .      security and authentication      githubscribejava/scribejava    github   scribejava/scribejava  by     stars    Serialization and IO      githubsquare/okio    github   square/okio  with     stars     Machine learning Natural language processing : M     githubstanfordnlp/CoreNLP    github   stanfordnlp/CoreNLP  with  7  stars.      Web crawling and HTML parsing      githubsparklemotion/nokogiri    github   sparklemotion/nokogiri with     stars  Enjoy ; )
  Here is a detailed list from github.    Web development in Java :      githubplayframework/playframework    github   playframework/playframework Play Framework The Play Frameworkcombines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable webapplications with Java and Scala. Number of stars 7 at the moment ofwritting.  Business      githubCodecademy/EventHub    github   Codecademy/EventHub   Event analytics platform : Number of stars on github      An alternative to that is also    githubkillbill/killbill    github   killbill/killbill     Game development      githublibgdx/libgdx    github   libgdx/libgdx with   stars at the moment.    Collections      githubgoogle/guava    github   google/guava by   stars is the first of its genre.    Date and Time      githubJodaOrg/joda time    github   JodaOrg/joda time  Joda is probably the best with      stars     Dependency injection   The king is    githubspring projects/spring framework    github   spring projects/spring framework with     stars    Logging   Here it is :    githubGraylog /graylogserver    github   Graylog /graylogserver with     stars    Imagery and Video      githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound with      stars is the best. The alternative :   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing  with     stars     API integration      githubopenzipkin/zipkin    github   openzipkin/zipkin  Number of stars =         Science      githubjgrapht/jgrapht    github   jgrapht/jgrapht  with     stars    Database      githubthinkaurelius/titan    github   thinkaurelius/titan with     stars.    Functional programming      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   orfjackal/retrolambda Nr of stars   7 .      security and authentication      githubscribejava/scribejava    github   scribejava/scribejava  by     stars    Serialization and IO      githubsquare/okio    github   square/okio  with     stars     Machine learning Natural language processing : M     githubstanfordnlp/CoreNLP    github   stanfordnlp/CoreNLP  with  7  stars.      Web crawling and HTML parsing      githubsparklemotion/nokogiri    github   sparklemotion/nokogiri with     stars  Enjoy ; )
  Here you go with a list of the most popular github repositories sorted by number of stars   Web development in Java :      githubplayframework/playframework    github   playframework/playframework Play Framework The Play Frameworkcombines productivity and performance making it easy to build scalable webapplications with Java and Scala. Number of stars 7 at the moment ofwritting.  Business      githubCodecademy/EventHub    github   Codecademy/EventHub   Event analytics platform : Number of stars on github      An alternative to that is also    githubkillbill/killbill    github   killbill/killbill     Game development      githublibgdx/libgdx    github   libgdx/libgdx with   stars at the moment.    Collections      githubgoogle/guava    github   google/guava by   stars is the first of its genre.    Date and Time      githubJodaOrg/joda time    github   JodaOrg/joda time  Joda is probably the best with      stars     Dependency injection   The king is    githubspring projects/spring framework    github   spring projects/spring framework with     stars    Logging   Here it is :    githubGraylog /graylogserver    github   Graylog /graylogserver with     stars    Imagery and Video      githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound with      stars is the best. The alternative :   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing  with     stars     API integration      githubopenzipkin/zipkin    github   openzipkin/zipkin  Number of stars =         Science      githubjgrapht/jgrapht    github   jgrapht/jgrapht  with     stars    Database      githubthinkaurelius/titan    github   thinkaurelius/titan with     stars.    Functional programming      githuborfjackal/retrolambda    github   orfjackal/retrolambda Nr of stars   7 .      security and authentication      githubscribejava/scribejava    github   scribejava/scribejava  by     stars    Serialization and IO      githubsquare/okio    github   square/okio  with     stars     Machine learning Natural language processing : M     githubstanfordnlp/CoreNLP    github   stanfordnlp/CoreNLP  with  7  stars.      Web crawling and HTML parsing      githubsparklemotion/nokogiri    github   sparklemotion/nokogiri with     stars
   If you are looking for Java repositories then here is a post sorting by number of stars per repository :    algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here are some repositories in github that you may like. You can start with this simple code and try to improve it :    explains oop patterns in Java :    githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns   examples of Java  well written code can be found here :    githubjavaee samples/javaee samples    github   javaee samples/javaee samples     algorithms implementation  :     githubphishman  /java algorithms implementation    github   phishman  /java algorithms implementation
  If you want to learn how to use patterns of programming here are some good examples        githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns       githubjavaee samples/javaee samples    github   javaee samples/javaee samples  Moreover there are many Java programmers have difficoulties with github use. Here are two Java projects that make github easy and profitable:    . Gitblit  (   githubgitblit/gitblit    github   gitblit/gitblit ) Gitblit is an open source  pure Java Git solution for managing  viewing  and serving Git repositories.   It can serve repositories over the GIT  HTTP  and SSH transports; it can authenticate against multiple providers; and it allows you to get up and running with an attractive  capable Git server in less than  minutes..    It has  7 stars on github.    . WhisperSystems BitHub  (   githubWhisperSystems/BitHub    github   WhisperSystems/BitHub ) BTC + BitHub = An experiment in funding privacy OSS.   BitHub is a service that will automatically pay a percentage of Bitcoin funds for every submission to a GitHub repository.    It has a number of stars =    .
  There are different Java projects in github for image processing purposes:  Here a list of some of the most important ones sorted by number of stars they have on github :        (   githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound ) A Java library that models spring dynamics and adds real world physics to your app. Nr of stars      .       Processing (   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing ) Source code for the Processing Development Environment (PDE) Nr of github's stars   7.       JavaCV (   githubbytedeco/javacv    github   bytedeco/javacv ) JavaCV uses wrappers from the JavaCPP Presets of commonly used libraries by researchers in the field of computer vision Nr of stars   .     imgscalr (   githubthebuzzmedia/imgscalr    github   githubthebuzzmedia/imgscalr ) Simple Java image scaling library implementing Chris Campbell's incremental scaling algorithm as well as Java D's  best practices  image scaling techniques. Nr of stars .      zxing (   githubzxing/zxing    github   zxing/zxing ) ZXing ( zebra crossing ) is an open source  multi format  D/ D barcode image processing library implemented in Java  with ports to other languages. Nr of stars          webcam capture (   githubsarxos/webcam capture    github   sarxos/webcam capture ) Project goal is to give users possibility to access build in or connected via USB webcams or remote IP / network cameras directly from Java code. Stars  7.     Thumbnailator (   githubcoobird/thumbnailator    github   coobird/thumbnailator )   Thumbnailator's fluent interface can be used to perform fairly complicated thumbnail processing task in one simple step. Stars      Finally  here is a post presenting a list of Java projects on github sorted by nuber of stars :      algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  There are different Java projects in github for image processing purposes:   Here a list of some of the most important ones sorted by number of stars they have on github :         (   githubfacebook/rebound    github   facebook/rebound ) A Java library that models spring dynamics and adds real world physics to your app. Nr of stars      .        Processing (   githubprocessing/processing    github   processing/processing ) Source code for the Processing Development Environment (PDE) Nr of github's stars   7.        JavaCV (   githubbytedeco/javacv    github   bytedeco/javacv ) JavaCV uses wrappers from the JavaCPP Presets of commonly used libraries by researchers in the field of computer vision Nr of stars   .      imgscalr (   githubthebuzzmedia/imgscalr    github   thebuzzmedia/imgscalr ) Simple Java image scaling library implementing Chris Campbell's incremental scaling algorithm as well as Java D's  best practices  image scaling techniques. Nr of stars .       zxing (   githubzxing/zxing    github   zxing/zxing ) ZXing ( zebra crossing ) is an open source  multi format  D/ D barcode image processing library implemented in Java  with ports to other languages. Nr of stars           webcam capture (   githubsarxos/webcam capture    github   sarxos/webcam capture ) Project goal is to give users possibility to access build in or connected via USB webcams or remote IP / network cameras directly from Java code. Stars  7.      Thumbnailator (   githubcoobird/thumbnailator    github   coobird/thumbnailator )   Thumbnailator's fluent interface can be used to perform fairly complicated thumbnail processing task in one simple step. Stars
  Here are my favorite ones in github    explains oop patterns in Java :    githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns   examples of Java  well written code can be found here :    githubjavaee samples/javaee samples    github   javaee samples/javaee samples     algorithms implementation  :     githubphishman  /java algorithms implementation    github   phishman  /java algorithms implementation  For more Java projects on github you can check this post :    algo data.quoraBest Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars  Best Java repositories on github by category and sorted by number of stars by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  As for Java you can have a look to this github repository :    githubphishman  /java algorithms implementation    github   phishman  /java algorithms implementation  And to this other one :    githubjavaee samples/javaee samples    github   javaee samples/javaee samples  And of course this one here :    githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns  As for Python I would check this one here :    githubfaif/python patterns    github   faif/python patterns
  I like this github repository which explains oop patterns in Java :    githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns  Also some nice examples of Java  well written code can be found here :    githubjavaee samples/javaee samples    github   javaee samples/javaee samples  And here :    githubphishman  /java algorithms implementation    github   phishman  /java algorithms implementation
  Use packages and OOP patterns. So each class should be in a package and the patterns should garantee you to have an elegant way of organizing the code.   Here is an example for it :    githubiluwatar/java design patterns    github   iluwatar/java design patterns  If you still have problems with organizing code then you should consider using IntelliJ IDEA. It is an IDE that helps you in organizing code in a better way and it also recognizes context in you code.    www.jetbrainsidea/    jetbrains   IntelliJ IDEA the Java IDE
   Here are some more :      githubgoogle/auto    github   google/auto  which is a collection of source code generators.      githubsquare/javapoet    github   square/javapoet similar but more recent      jboss javassist.github.io/javassist/    github.io  Javassist by jboss javassist  born to make the process of bytecode manipulation simpler
   You can use Mallet. Here the link :    mallet.cs.umass.edu    umass.edu  MALLET homepage
   Gephy is one of those :    gephi    gephi  The Open Graph Viz Platform  It is written in Java and it is a stand alone application but it can also be integrated in Eclipse.
  Yes it helped doing so : Here is a post showing which ones. For example the greek government has used it to find tax cheaters :    fortune    / 8/  /greek government uses google maps to find tax cheats/    fortune   fortune    / 8/  /gr...   Also the follwong post is intresting and it regards US :    cnetnews/how law enforcement uses google earth/    cnet   How law enforcement uses Google Earth   And now google earth can help to boost research as well :    www.technologyreviews/   788/googles amazing new satellite imagery will help researchers too/?utm_campaign=socialflow;utm_medium=post;utm_source=facebook    technologyreview   www.technologyreview ...
   There are many usefull packages for R but I would list five which are a must in R programming :     cran.r project/web/packages/sqldf/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package sqldf  : it will make you dataset a data base so that you can query it. It is very handy when you are a SQL affictionado.      plyr.had.co.nz    had.co.nz  plyr : great package for slicing a dataset into pieces and puting it together as you wish best. It is great for fast data parsing and preparation. Just an alternative to that is    cran.r project/web/packages/reshape /index.html    r project  CRAN   Package reshape   for reshaping data as you wish.        cran.r project/web/packages/lubridate/lubridate.pdf    r project  cran.r project/web/p... : for when you have data with a time dimensions such as time series data. It has a couple of fuctions which are very good and time saving. Related to this there is also    cran.r project/web/packages/forecast/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package forecast for making predictions on timeseries data.       cran.r project/web/packages/stringr/index.html    r project  CRAN   Package stringr when you have to deal with strings of text.       docs.ggplot /current/    ggplot   Index. ggplot   . .  and of course a package for visualizing and making sense of data.  Finally I would have a look at this post :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  It gathers some  links on R programming resources such as blogs  guides  R packages  tips and tricks on Rprogramming etc..
   I would say R is the best one  and this for a couple (say five : )) of reasons .    It is relatively easy to learn and import the packages you need and you can do so with just a few lines of code.    There are different packages for the different tasks. From text mining to visualization and machine learning :    blog.yhatposts/   R packages I wish I knew about earlier.html    yhat   ŷhat |    R packages I wish I knew about earlier     There is  R studio  a framework that integrates all the working spaces in one environment.    www.rstudio     rstudio   Home    R can be interfaced with other programming languages or IDE such as for example Eclipse by using RServe :    rforge.net/Rserve/  rforge.net/Rserve/    There are many many resources online and a big community feeding the process of  data mining with R  everyday with new articles  tricks  packages etc..    r bloggers     r bloggers   R bloggers
  Here is a site providing data of the type you are asking for :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  The provide data in an administrative level so you can have from these data also the polygons of the cities.
  Check this link :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  they have KML format data for alsmost every country in the world.
   Here    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  you can find KML files for almost every country in the world.   To have the result you need you can parse the kml file and process it with a programming language (Java for example).
     Here you go with a quality paper on Twitter geography and statistics :    firstmonday/ojs/index.php/fm/article/view/        firstmonday  Mapping the global Twitter heartbeat: The geography of Twitter  There you find statistics about twitter and twitter users.  Otherwise you can download a twitter dataset from this post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  and make some statistics yourself.
   In this post you find different online resources showing ways to visualize different algorithms and data structures :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
7   Here are some links for visualizing data structures :         www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Algorithms.html    usfca.edu  Data Structure Visualization  Visualization of the most important data structures. In the same link there are also some nice visualizations on Graph Algorithms as for example :  Dijkstra's Shortest Path Prim's Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Topological Sort (Using Indegree array) Topological Sort (Using DFS) Floyd Warshall (all pairs shortest paths) Kruskal Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Algorithm     Another one is    visualgo.net/    visualgo.net  visualising data structures and algorithms through animation  which has a great graphic design.        I like very much also    bost.ocks/mike/algorithms/    ocks  Page on ocks from Mike Bostock. It is all visualization of algorithms in Javascript and it is amazing.  It looks just like Art work.     Visualize K means clustering algorithm:     naftaliharrisblog/visualizing k means clustering/    naftaliharris   Visualizing K Means Clustering    as well as a clustering algorithm called DBSCAN which is great for finding points that may be clustered along ring shaped structures :    naftaliharrisblog/visualizing dbscan clustering/    naftaliharris   Visualizing DBSCAN Clustering  And here is a collection of online resources where you can visualize your data structures :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
7     Here are two :   ol  li    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge.html    telecomitalia   HOME | BigData Challenge        d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development     However they are finished already. It is a good idea you stay tunned in those sites as they organize the challenges each year.  /li  /ol
7     There is a big data challenge organized by Telecom Italia in    . I know they released twitter data about two Italian cities there : Milan and Trento.   In this post among many other categories of data you find the link to the challenge dataset.      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here is a post collecting a number of resources where you can find urban data and also tranportation data.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
7     There are different sites you can check such as    indexmundi     indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts or    worldbank     worldbank   worldbank  .   In this post there is a collection of these resources that you can use to get data almost of any type about all the coutries of the world and of course Japan.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
7     Just as you say  info sources  could be blogs  books  courses    academic research data contests  you can participate in etc..   I'll try to list some of those sources :    books :    There are different books I like such as :      amazonBig Data Hadoop WAGmob ebook/dp/B  E GSS E/ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=big+data+with+hadoop;qid=       8;sr=      amazon   Amazon : Big Data and Hadoop eBook: WAGmob: Kindle Store     amazonBig Data Principles practices scalable/dp/        /ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=big+data+with+hadoop;qid=       8;sr=      amazon   Big Data: Principles and best practices of scalable realtime data systems: Nathan Marz  James Warren:  7        : Amazon : Books     amazonData Science Approach Computational Reasoning/dp/     /ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=data+science+with+R;qid=       77;sr=      amazon   Amazon : Data Science in R: A Case Studies Approach to Computational Reasoning and Problem Solving (Chapman ; Hall/CRC The R Series) ( 7     7): Deborah Nolan  Duncan Temple Lang: Books     amazonPractical Data Science Nina Zumel/dp/        /ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=data+science+with+R;qid=       77;sr=      amazon   Practical Data Science with R: Nina Zumel  John Mount  Jim Porzak:  7        : Amazon : Books     amazonData Science Dummies Lillian Pierson/dp/    7/ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=data+science+for+dummies;qid=        ;sr=      amazon   Data Science For Dummies: Lillian Pierson:  7     : Amazon : Books     amazonData Science Scratch Principles Python/dp/       X/ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=data+science+with+Python;qid=        ;sr=      amazon   Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python: Joel Grus:  7       7: Amazon : Books  And a post where you find even more books :    algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Machine Learning and Data Science in R  and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  For a data science path you need to read a lot of use cases and some of those you find in the books I listed. Once you read those cases you can apply them to your data.   blogs  : in those blogs you can find plenty of practical examples and that's why you should try      flowingdata     flowingdata   FlowingData  has some great data visualization in R and Python     fivethirtyeight     fivethirtyeight   FiveThirtyEight  which is more about prediction on data     data contest  or data challenge for you to challenge yourself while participating:      telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge.html    telecomitalia   telecomitaliatit...     d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development    where you can retrive big data sets :    The point   is valid also for this point as when you participate in a data challegne they give you also plenty of data.  However here is a good post pointing to a great number of data sets available for free :      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion    courses  as for example coursera course in big data :      www.coursera/specializations/big data    coursera  www.coursera/special...     www.udacitycourse/viewer#!/c ud  7/l       8/m             udacity   Classroom   Udacity     www.udemybig data and hadoop essentials free tutorial/    udemy   Big Data and Hadoop Essentials   Udemy     academic research      academic.research.microsoftRankList?end= ;entitytype= ;last= ;start= ;subDomainID= ;topDomainID=     microsoft   academic.research.microso...  I would start with those (actually I started with those)  Good luck with Big Data path.
7    I would take this one here :      shop.oreillyproduct/         .do    oreilly   Data Science for Business  It is full of great examples on how to apply data science to real life in a business context.
7    Try to contact Quora in  Contact us  at the end of the main menu. They might help you.     /contact  www.quoracontact
7     Here you find a good explanation for your question other than an explanation of both methods Apriori and Eclat .     slideshare.net/wanaezwani/apriori and eclat algorithm in association rule mining    slideshare.net  Apriori and Eclat algorithm in Association Rule Mining
7    Here are some links where you can build an infographics very easly :    /profile/Alket Cecaj/answers/Infographics  www.quoraprofile/Al...
7  There are different Places to look in     academic.research.microsoftRankList?end= ;entitytype= ;last= ;start= ;subDomainID= ;topDomainID=     microsoft   academic.research.microso...   And     ericssonindustry transformation/?gclid=Cj KEQjw dy BRCuuL_e MeqmNABEiQAq8iNI YusyYXdnzh 8h EkTKav8w XeUJv Lm7TT JOcEXwaAiF P8HAQ    ericsson   ericssonindustry...   And      research.googlepubs/MachineIntelligence.html    google   research.googlepubs/...   In particular  I like two papers :      A few things to know about machine learning  and     Introduction to statistical learning theory
7You know it because it is called inthe same way the class is called
7    Check this post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   There you find links pointing to data sets of different type for evey country in the world from spatial data to statistics and demographics
7    There is a program of Orange called d d which stands to data  developement.   They released data during the contest and here are The results :     unglobalpulse/D D NetMob    unglobalpulse  unglobalpulse/D D...
 Of course it is. Just as you said d  it is open source so you can use it to build whatever you like by respecting the GNU licence  :     it.m.wikipedia/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License    wikipedia  it.m.wikipedia/wiki/...   Probabily you should care from a legal point of view about the data you are going to visualize . For example if those data are personal data and if they harm the privacy of people.  For example there are states in which certain data cannot be used to show people habits unless data is anonymized.
7You need to Learn conditonal probability and bayesian thinking or bayesian statistics. Most of the teams tend to win or loose in a serie. They also tend to be influenced by history. So ilf team A has been winning agains team A  times in    then they probabilly will win againg. Other variables are the presence of certain players and so on. So you can build a model that predicts the outcome based on these variables. It is called a bayesian classifier.
  It is a process of collection of data from online sources for example. The verb harvest is used to indicate the analoghy with agriculture wherethe fruits have to be harvested before they fall from the plants.  In the same way one can harvest data from twitter. It is known that twitter does not provider historical data.  So you have to harvest the data tweets in real time otherwise you loose it just as the fruits that fall from the plants and cannot be eaten anymore.  Here a post of datasets available on line for free just in case you need some :      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
 Read :    amazonHow Lie Statistics Darrell Huff/dp/            amazon   amazonHow Lie St...   As the title states it shows how the statistics may deceive you.
  Here you find a post that collects different types of data such as personal data from a fitbit device  urban data such as pollution  mobility  electricity usage.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  There is also international data by country an data about demographics  culture and society. Moreover  social geo referenced data such as those from twitter or Flickr.
7       algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
7  Try this book here :    it ebooks.info/book/    /  it ebooks.info/book/    /   It explains NumPy and SciPy and you can download it for free ; )
  I have two alternatives to show.   You can use Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/index.html    waikato.ac.nz  Machine Learning Project at the University of Waikato in New Zealand  Here is the video course if you want to know how to use it. It is provided also in a jar so you can import it in your project path.   There is also    jdmp/    jdmp  Java Data Mining Package It considers every dataset as a matrix   impelemts data mining / machine learning algorithms and can be interfaced with Weka
7     Here is what I have tried       There is a book I like :    ebook  Java Data Mining  Strategy  Standard  and Practice_   .html    ebook     Java Data Mining: Strategy  Standard  and Practice  As for libraries/ frameworks and related courses here are some good resources I like in Java :    Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java   It is a Java framework that implements algorithms of data mining and machine learning. Here is the video course :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/mooc/dataminingwithweka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Weka MOOC   Another one I like is also    jdmp/    jdmp  Java Data Mining Package . The project it is not complete yet but this library provides different algorithms of machine learning and it interfaces also with Weka.
   It is! There are many libraries for data mining in Java. One is    jdmp/    jdmp  Java Data Mining Package  There is also Weka machine learning framework that can help you apply data mining algorithms to your data.  Here you find it :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java
   I know this one :    jdmp/    jdmp  Java Data Mining Package  It is called data mining Java package. It is pretty fast and it can be interfaced with WEKA  Mallet or Octave.
   Thank you for A A.   This what I think :    As an engineer you should know software develoment and the basic principles of software engineering.   You should know good statistics in particular inferential statistics and bayesian statistics.      You should know good computer science and in particular data structures  algorithms and complexity.      develop good comunication skills through data visualization as ML results are a tough topic to undestand  .  Probabiliy there are other things to mention but the main ones are those stated in the previous lines.
  Try WEKA :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/index.html    waikato.ac.nz  Machine Learning Project at the University of Waikato in New Zealand   Have a look to the video courses. There are given many examples on real life data sets. Here are the videos of the course :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/mooc/dataminingwithweka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Weka MOOC   There is also this post :    algo data.quora  Plus Links on Machine Learning algorithms and Data Structures    Plus Links on Machine Learning algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   There you find different links on machine learning algorithms and guides.
   Here you get a detailed list of my top ten algorithms in machine learning. Depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means. As for the implementation of it you can use Weka :   cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Classification algorithms.  Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour ) Also for classification algorithms you can use Weka as it provides up to   different classifiers.    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions. Here is dimension reduction explined better in slideshare :    slideshare.net/alketcecaj/algorithms presentation    slideshare.net  Algorithms presentation     PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips frequently . An implementation of association rules can be used by installing Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.    Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life /li  /ol  And here you find a blog on algorithms and data fusion and visualization :    algo data.quora   Algorithms and DataFusion  Enjoy reading : )
7     Start with this article on Wikipedia :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Machine_learning    wikipedia  Machine learning  Then continue with WEKA :    it.wikipedia/wiki/Weka    wikipedia  Weka   Wikipedia   It is a machine learning framework particolarly good when you have no programming skills.   Here you can find more :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/index.html    waikato.ac.nz  Machine Learning Project at the University of Waikato in New Zealand
   I am a recent user of WEKA and R. I have also been programming in Java in the last  years mainly algorithms such as clustering  collaborative filtering and MDS (multidimensional scaling).   The first thing that can be said is that WEKA does not need a programming knowledge.   So if you are a statistician (with no knowledge of programming languages) then you can use WEKA by its graphic interface. This is an advantage that makes it very useful for this category of users.    I agree with the previous answer about the WEKA lack of flexibillity. However in the recent years it has been moving forward in this direction by offering ways of interfacing the framework with other libraries or languages.   In particular the above is true when comparing WEKA with programming languages and libraries (Python scikit for example) such as this post on reddit :    www.redditr/MachineLearning/comments/ xh ze/weka_vs_scikitlearn/    reddit   Weka vs Scikit learn? • /r/MachineLearning
 If you have a very special case and you need a tailored algorithm then it is better programming it by your self. Otherwise use WEKA. It will speed up your work and you can visualize the results in a couple of seconds.   And WEKA is also pretty fast.
  Yes!   It is worth learning it even if you know how to program you algorithms such as clustering or classification algorithms.   With WEKA you speed up your work and it provides also features for visualization of the results wich can help you understand better.   It also can be used inside Eclipse and or interfaced with other frameworks for machine learning applications.
    Every .arff file starts with :  @RELATION MyDataFile  @ATTRIBUTE class {x  y  z }  @ATTRIBUTE   NUMERIC  .  .  @ATTRIBUTE n NUMERIC  @DATA  Here the data records  For example you may have a dataset like this :  x         y            z           Following the format of .arff file the data to be read by WEKA should be like this (I'm bordering it with         in order to be clear )                                                                     @RELATION MyDataFile  @ATTRIBUTE class {x  y  z }  @ATTRIBUTE   NUMERIC  @ATTRIBUTE   NUMERIC  @ATTRIBUTE   NUMERIC  @ATTRIBUTE  NUMERIC  @ATTRIBUTE  NUMERIC  @DATA  x         y            z                                                                       I usually do it in Java by parsing the dataset I want to load in WEKA Explorer and print it in the .arff format.
   A data science / anaysis blog posting articles on data sets availability  data mining algorithms  scientific papers  data visualization  data fusion  data structures and machine learning algorithms is also this one here :    algo data.quora   Algorithms and Data Fusion
   I nice GIS I discovered just now is :    cesiumjs/index.html    cesiumjs  WebGL Virtual Globe and Map Engine  . It is particularly good for dynamic dataand  has different functions and can be used also in local way just by downloading the project. Here are some interesting demos :    cesiumjs/demos.html    cesiumjs  Demos  Then of course there is the good  old Google Earth. The Pro version of it is now available for free by Google only ; )
   I use Quora as a compendium of knowledge where I put organize guides and useful links on programming in Java  Python and R  data analysis  statistics  math and life in general.   Quora is a good tool of confronting your knowledge with that of other people and learning this way. To put it in greek phylosophy terms   Learning you know that you dont know is the most important thing .
   Here is a post that can point you to different data sets which are public and free.    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  There you find links for different types of data : spatial data  pollution data  meteorological data  traffic data  geo referenced social network data  electricity usage data and many other types.
   There are different free data set sources online of different types . Here are some links :   spatial data  Here can be found spatial data in shape file format .shp  Is the best free service I know so far :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  Another data source providing spatial data is also    eea.europa.eu/data and maps/data/urban atlas#tab methodology    europa.eu  Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency  It provides data on land use and land cover data for Large Urban Zones with more than  .    inhabitants.  The GIS data can be downloaded together with a map for each urban area covered and a report with the metadata.  Mobility data as GPS traces       research.microsoften us/projects/geolife/default.aspx    microsoft   GeoLife: Building social networks using human location history     international statistics about countries  and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc    indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts     data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank     www.cia.gov/library/publications/the world factbook/    cia.gov  The World Factbook   .    for american data  there is PEW Research :    pewresearch/data/download datasets/    pewresearch  Download Datasets   .    for italian data  there is Istat :    istat.it/it/    istat.it  Istat.it   A singular dataset is also GDELT  : Global Dataset of Events Language and Tone. It collects events in a global scale and it has a spatio temporal  and semantic dimension.    gdeltproject/#downloading    gdeltproject  The GDELT Project   Geo referenced tweets  .This dataset brings data from Twitter as tweets over the Milan city  Italy.     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento    Aggregated mobile phone data :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  . Such kind of data can be find in the data challenges D D (Data  Development) organized by Orange telecom company released as in data for development of Senegal :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development and Ivory Coast:   d d.orangeen/presentation    orange   presentation  These challenges are now over but the company repeats the challenge almost every year so stay tuned.    Weather data as temerature measurements  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   and precipitation data    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  It contains measurements about temperature  precipitation and wind speed/direction taken in    Weather Stations and   minutes time interval  You can continue finding more links to other dataset categories with this post here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  Enjoy ; )
    There is a data challenge from Orange the french mobile carrier which is called Data for Development (D D) . You can find it here :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development  I know there are released anonymized data sets of phone calls and by participating in this type of challenge you can have the data for free.   They organize every year a similar data challenge. For example in      there was released a data set from Ivory Coast and in     a data set from Senegal.  A similar big data challenge was organized by Telecom Italia. There were released aggregated datasets of phone call activity.   Here is the link :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  There is also this post pointing to some valuable data sets of different kind you can download for free :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  Enjoy your data journey : )
   There are different solutions for that problem. Paying and free resources.   For example Quandl is a market place for financial data :      www.quandl     quandl   Quandl Financial and Economic Data  And there are other different free data sources. The best occasions you have to get real world data for free is by participating in open data challenges. Just like this one here :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  For more data sources you can take it from here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  The links you find there can take you in different portals where you can find datasets of different types
7  Make an account on Research Gate :    www.researchgate.net/home  www.researchgate.net/home  Follow the researchers that are inherent with your research field and ask them a private copy of their papers. You can also write them an email.  Another alternative seems to be    scihub    scihub  Science Huβ LLC  Leading the Information Highway   It is not legal in all states but it remains an alternative.
  Here are some tips from science magazine :   sciencemag/careers/    /  /how seriously read scientific paper?utm_campaign=seriouspaper    ;utm_medium=facebook text;utm_source=sciencemagazine    sciencemag  sciencemag/career...
7    There are different approaches to this. I have chosen two of them :         githubjtleek/readingpapers    github   jtleek/readingpapers is the way this guy in github suggests .    githubjtleek    github   jtleek (Jeff L.)      this other one is what I highlighted from a science magazine :    sciencemag/careers/    /  /how seriously read scientific paper?utm_campaign=seriouspaper    ;utm_medium=facebook text;utm_source=sciencemagazine    sciencemag  sciencemag/career...  Have a fruitful learning / reading.
  You can try a decision tree algorithm :    en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Decision_tree    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...
   There are different tools for this purpose. Here are some links :         www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Algorithms.html    usfca.edu  Data Structure Visualization  Visualization of the most important data structures. In the same link there are also some nice visualizations on Graph Algorithms as for example :  Dijkstra's Shortest Path Prim's Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Topological Sort (Using Indegree array) Topological Sort (Using DFS) Floyd Warshall (all pairs shortest paths) Kruskal Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Algorithm     Another one is    visualgo.net/    visualgo.net  visualising data structures and algorithms through animation  which has a great graphic design.        I like very much also    bost.ocks/mike/algorithms/    ocks  Page on ocks from Mike Bostock. It is all visualization of algorithms in Javascript and it is amazing.  It looks just like Art work.     Visualize K means clustering algorithm:     naftaliharrisblog/visualizing k means clustering/    naftaliharris   Visualizing K Means Clustering    as well as a clustering algorithm called DBSCAN which is great for finding points that may be clustered along ring shaped structures :      naftaliharrisblog/visualizing dbscan clustering/    naftaliharris   naftaliharris      naftaliharrisblog/visualizing dbscan clustering/    naftaliharris   Visualizing DBSCAN Clustering     Weka machine learning framework is also a good way to visualize algorithms. In the graphics below a classification tree result of a J  classification algorithm.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg d   d    f8a    7e  7 b7d   .webp   Here is a post pointing to stuff you are looking for.    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   One is K anonimity. It is applied in order to make a user indistinguishable among k other users.  Here is the article that explains better the k anonimity concept :    epic/privacy/reidentification/Sweeney_Article.pdf    epic  epic/privacy/reident...  In this other link here is an example in which side data are used to de anonymize personal location data :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   link.springerarticle...  br
   There is an article published in  Journal of ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing  :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   link.springerarticle...  If you need a copy please contact me.
   There is this article published in  Journal of ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing  :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   link.springerarticle...  Here is the abstract of the article :   The automatic detection of events happening in urban areas from mobile phones’ and social networks’ datasets is an important problem that would enable novel services ranging from city management and emergency response  to social and entertainment applications. In this work we present a simple yet effective method for discovering events from spatio temporal datasets  based on statistical anomaly detection. Our approach can combine multiple sources of information to improve results. We also present a method to automatically generate a keyword based description of the events being detected. We run experiments in two cities with data coming from a mobile phone operator (call detail records–CDRs) and from Twitter. We show that this method gives interesting results in terms of precision and recall. We analyze the parameters of our approach and discuss its strengths and weaknesses.   If you need a copy please contact me.
7   The matrixes represent adiacency between nodes. For example between V  and VV  V  there is an edge. Number   indicates the presence of edges between two nodes while   indicates that there are no edges between two nodes.  You can understand better this way ;         V     V     V     V  V                                 V                                V                               V                                It is the same for the second matrix where the edges are directed.
   Some italians :  Luca Cordero di Montezemolo which was the president of Ferrari Team in F .  Jarno Trulli that was one of pilots of F  in the   '.
   I have been publishing those papers here :     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x?no access=true    springer   link.springerarticle...     link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   link.springerarticle...  If you publish in Open Access it costs nothing.
     Here you go :    algo data.quoraPanama Papers data set for download  Panama Papers data set for download. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  If the link for the download takes a little it is becouse a lot of people are trying to download it in this precise moment.
     There are different topics: urban computing is my favorite. You can analyse different datasets comming from urban activities such as mobile data  traffic data  electricity consumption  air and noise pollution etc.. Tottaly different topic : try also the newly released dataset on offshore paradise for tax evasion :    offshoreleaks.icij/about/download    icij  offshoreleaks.icij/a...
    Here are some key findings the investifìgations leaked  :    panamapapers.icij/blog/         key findings.html    icij  Key findings: The Panama Papers by the numbers
    Here is a post that will guide you in undestanding the scandal of Panama Papers :    algo data.quoraPanama Papers data set for download  Panama Papers data set for download. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
     Here is the dataset :    offshoreleaks.icij/about/download    icij  ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database Start analysing it and you can make some findings by yourself.  However  if you are a little lazy to do it yourself here are some key findings :    panamapapers.icij/blog/         key findings.html    icij  Key findings: The Panama Papers by the numbers
    There are also many other resources where you can get international statistics about countries  and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc.   Here are some of those :       indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts     data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank     www.cia.gov/library/publications/the world factbook/    cia.gov  cia.govThe World Factbook  In this post here :      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   you find a collection of data of different type just in case you need.
    Here are some links pointing to datasets containing datasets of images  video and text:      )      image text pairs from Wikipedia):    svcl.ucsd.edu/projects/crossmodal/    ucsd.edu  svcl.ucsd.edu/project...     ) One million images with captions :    vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/~vicente/sbucaptions/    stonybrook.edu  vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/...     ) Flickr  K dataset:  7  images   captions per image.      illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7   illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7     )    research.microsoften us/downloads/ cf fd b8df 77e a e  a   caa7 af/    microsoft   Microsoft Research Video Description Corpus   )     cbi.gatech.edu/mmdb/overview.php    gatech.edu  gatech.edu     cbi.gatech.edu/mmdb/overview.php    gatech.edu  The Multimodal Dyadic Behavior Dataset    ) NASA satellite images of earth since      :    asterweb.jpl.nasa.gov/gallerymap.asp    nasa.gov  asterweb.jpl.nasa.gov/gal...  And here is a collection of more data sets freely available.     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   Among the different data sets there are also some links pointing to resources contining datasets of images  videos and text.
    Pervasive computing and in particolar urban computing . Here you find an interesting link about it and research in the field :    research.microsoftapps/mobile/showpage.aspx?page=% Fen us% Fprojects% Furbancomputing% F    microsoft   research.microsoftap...
     Here you find one already harvested :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento
   For that you should use R programming with a computer having at least    Gbit of RAM.     www.r project/    r project  The R Project for Statistical Computing    Also NoSQL databases such as  Mongo DB can be a valid alternative.      www.mongodb/    mongodb  MongoDB for GIANT Ideas
  Here is one :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  And here you find some links on different data sets not just social network ones:      algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Big data or small data here is a collection of different data types :   spatial data  Is the best free service I know so far providing spatial data in shape file format .shp  :   diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  Another data source providing spatial data is also    eea.europa.eu/data and maps/data/urban atlas#tab methodology    europa.eu  Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency   It provides data on land use and land cover data for Large Urban Zones with more than  .    inhabitants.The GIS data can be downloaded together with a map for each urban area covered and a report with the metadata.   international statistics about countries  and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc    indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts     data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank     www.cia.gov/library/publications/the world factbook/    cia.gov  The World Factbook   .    for american data  there is PEW Research :    pewresearch/data/    pewresearch  Data   .    for italian data  there is Istat :    istat.it/it/    istat.it  Istat.it    A singular dataset is also GDELT  : Global Dataset of Events Language and Tone. It collects events in a global scale and it has a spatio temporal  and semantic dimension.    gdeltproject/#downloading    gdeltproject  The GDELT Project   Geo referenced tweets  .This dataset brings data from Twitter as tweets over the Milan city  Italy.     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   Aggregated mobile phone data :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento . Such kind of data can be find in the data challenges D D (Data  Development) organized by Orange telecom company released as in data for development of Senegal :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development and Ivory Coast:    d d.orangeen/presentation    orange   presentation  These challenges are now over but the company repeats the challenge almost every year so stay tuned.     Weather data as temerature measurements  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   and precipitation data    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  It contains measurements about temperature  precipitation and wind speed/direction taken in    Weather Stations and   minutes time interval    Electricity usage data  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  The dataset supplies information regarding the current flowing through the distribution lines and details about how the distribution lines are spread over the Trentino territory.    Geo  referenced News  data i.e. news with location    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento     Air quality     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento .  The type and the intensity of the pollution are continuously measured by different sensors located within the city limits. Each sensor has a unique ID  a type and a location. Different sensors can share the same location     Datset for testing a recommendation system :    grouplens/datasets/movielens/    grouplens  MovieLens it has        ratings from    users on     movies.   : )   /What are some interesting public datasets to visualize/answer/Alket Cecaj  Alket Cecaj's answer to What are some interesting public datasets to visualize?  br
  Here is what I have bookmarked so far about different categories of data :   spatial data    Is the best free service I know so far providing spatial data in shape file format .shp  :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country  Another data source providing spatial data is also    eea.europa.eu/data and maps/data/urban atlas#tab methodology    europa.eu  Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency It provides data on land use and land cover data for Large Urban Zones with more than  .    inhabitants.  The GIS data can be downloaded together with a map for each urban area covered and a report with the metadata.   international statistics about countries  and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc    indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts     data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank     www.cia.gov/library/publications/the world factbook/    cia.gov  The World Factbook   .    for american data  there is PEW Research :    pewresearch/data/    pewresearch  Data   .    for italian data  there is Istat :    istat.it/it/    istat.it  Istat.it    A singular dataset is also GDELT  : Global Dataset of Events Language and Tone. It collects events in a global scale and it has a spatio temporal  and semantic dimension.    gdeltproject/#downloading    gdeltproject  The GDELT Project   Geo referenced tweets  .This dataset brings data from Twitter as tweets over the Milan city  Italy.     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   Aggregated mobile phone data :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento . Such kind of data can be find in the data challenges D D (Data  Development) organized by Orange telecom company released as in data for development of Senegal :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development and Ivory Coast:    d d.orangeen/presentation    orange   presentation  These challenges are now over but the company repeats the challenge almost every year so stay tuned.     Weather data as temerature measurements  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   and precipitation data    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  It contains measurements about temperature  precipitation and wind speed/direction taken in    Weather Stations and   minutes time interval    Electricity usage data  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  The dataset supplies information regarding the current flowing through the distribution lines and details about how the distribution lines are spread over the Trentino territory.    Geo  referenced News  data i.e. news with location    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento     Air quality     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento .  The type and the intensity of the pollution are continuously measured by different sensors located within the city limits. Each sensor has a unique ID  a type and a location. Different sensors can share the same location     Datset for testing a recommendation system :    grouplens/datasets/movielens/    grouplens  MovieLens it has        ratings from    users on     movies.  Have a nice data journey : )
  Here is a collection of different types of data :   spatial data  Here can be found spatial data in shape file format .shp    Is the best free service I know so far :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country Another data source providing spatial data is also    eea.europa.eu/data and maps/data/urban atlas#tab methodology    europa.eu  Urban Atlas   European Environment Agency  It provides data on land use and land cover data for Large Urban Zones with more than  .    inhabitants.    The GIS data can be downloaded together with a map for each urban area covered and a report with the metadata.   international statistics about countries  and their demographics  GDP  GINI index  facts etc    indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts     data.worldbank/    worldbank  Data | The World Bank     www.cia.gov/library/publications/the world factbook/    cia.gov  The World Factbook   .    for american data  there is PEW Research :    pewresearch/data/    pewresearch  Data   .    for italian data  there is Istat :    istat.it/it/    istat.it  Istat.it    A singular dataset is also GDELT  : Global Dataset of Events Language and Tone. It collects events in a global scale and it has a spatio temporal  and semantic dimension.    gdeltproject/#downloading    gdeltproject  The GDELT Project   Geo referenced tweets  .This dataset brings data from Twitter as tweets over the Milan city  Italy.     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   Aggregated mobile phone data :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento . Such kind of data can be find in the data challenges D D (Data  Development) organized by Orange telecom company released as in data for development of Senegal :    d d.orangeen/Accueil    orange   data for development and Ivory Coast:    d d.orangeen/presentation    orange   presentation  These challenges are now over but the company repeats the challenge almost every year so stay tuned.     Weather data as temerature measurements  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   and precipitation data    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  It contains measurements about temperature  precipitation and wind speed/direction taken in    Weather Stations and   minutes time interval    Electricity usage data  :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  The dataset supplies information regarding the current flowing through the distribution lines and details about how the distribution lines are spread over the Trentino territory.    Geo  referenced News  data i.e. news with location    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal      fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento     Air quality     theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento .  The type and the intensity of the pollution are continuously measured by different sensors located within the city limits. Each sensor has a unique ID  a type and a location. Different sensors can share the same location     Datset for testing a recommendation system :    grouplens/datasets/movielens/    grouplens  MovieLens it has        ratings from    users on     movies.  Have fun : )
  As the world population is moving more and more to cities (urbanization) also the urban computing becomes more relevant in order to solve problems such as traffic  air pollution  noise pollution and criminality.   There is a good paper that provides some clues on where is urban computing headed and what are some important things to undestand :    lib arxiv 8.serverfarm.cornell.edu/abs/    .         cornell.edu  A Mobile Phone Data Perspective  It is inspired by the work of Jane Jacobs :    en.wikipedia/wiki/The_Death_and_Life_of_Great_American_Cities    wikipedia  The Death and Life of Great American Cities
  As a place to start with I would consider :     research.microsoften us/projects/urbancomputing/    microsoft   Urban Computing   Microsoft Research  Papers that provide a good explanation about the methodologies and applications of urban computing  is :    research.microsoftapps/pubs/?id=        microsoft   Urban Computing: Concepts  Methodologies  and Applications  Also a good paper to read is :    research.microsoftapps/pubs/?id=        microsoft   Methodologies for Cross Domain Data Fusion: An Overview    And    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            7?no access=true    springer   Data fusion for city life event detection
 Probabily a data visualization course would help you to complete better your set of skills.   Having data visualization and communication skills is a very important qualification even it seems a trivial one.   Communicating complex Ideas behind Data science projects is crucial  specially when participating in data challenges or when you have to  sell  your idea in a business context.
  Here are some infographics tools that provide a freemium version:     infog.am    infog.am  infog.am     piktochart   piktochart      www.easel.ly  www.easel.ly     dipity   dipity
  I use these :     infog.am    infog.am  infog.am     piktochart   piktochart      www.easel.ly  www.easel.ly  Probably are not the best but they work and provide free features.  br
   There are three online tools I know that provide both a fremium and pay version :     infogr.am  infogr.am     www.easel.ly  www.easel.ly     piktochart   piktochart   I have been using the first two and they work pretty well.  br
  With these two online tools :   Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  You can have the link of your inforgaphics and share it online.
  You can create infographics with these two online tools I know are good to use:   Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  They have freemium features but if you want professional results you have to pay something.
  From a practical point of view you can use :    Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am
  It is a great idea. Not only becouse you need less words but becouse your readers will undestand better :   Here are some tools for that    Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am
  I use these two below :   Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am
  There are two online tools which you can use to create infographics with  :   Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  They have different features and you can choose to use the fremium or the pay versions.
  Yes  it a visual way of telling stories. It makes storytelling even easier as you can use less words and your readers undestand better the ideas in just an eye blink.
  You can make an infographics by using an online software that is called inforgram :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  It lets you make an infograph and make it available online for people to see it. Just like this one here :    infogr.am/timeline della crisi in italia?web    infogr.am  infogr.am     infogr.am/timeline della crisi in italia?web    infogr.am  Timeline della crisi in italia   Infogram  charts ; infographics  Also another online tool for this purpose called easly is :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online  Both infogram and easly have fremium and payment versions with more features.
  By being a graphic designer you have also to create infographics.  Probably this will be creating traffic to customer's sites so it is a way to make money.  I like very much    infogr.am    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am as a way to make infographics online for free.
   One way is to use inforgram :    infogr.am    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  It lets you make an infograph and make it available online for people to see it. Just like this one here :    infogr.am/timeline della crisi in italia?web    infogr.am  Timeline della crisi in italia   Infogram  charts ; infographics
  You can make a heat map image for every step (say for every hour of the day) and then play the images in order. There is an open source player    www.ffmpeg    ffmpeg  FFmpeg that will play the images in increasing order as in the following images :     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  d dd      ebe 7f7ebc  7cb  ab b.webp     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg c a 7b  d a  e d f7ee c    a.webp     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  b7a   7d8 7a 8e  d ca bcbf7.webp   This way you will have a dynamic map.
  You can use Google Maps. Here an example :    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/layer heatmap    google   Heatmaps  It works very well up to one million and a half geographic points.    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  cb 7 ff c f7be dbb e a c aea  .webp
  You can use easly or  infogram (links bellow)     easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online     infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am
  It is becouse thay want professional results. In the same way thay prefer to hire a graphic designer instead of trying to make something internally. There are some free tools online for making infographics such as easly and ingogram     easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online      infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  but if you want professional results then it is better if you use the paying version
  You can create infographics with these two online tools :   Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  They have freemium features but if you want professional results you have to pay some    to   dollars
  There are two online tools that you can use for this task :    Easly  :    easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online   Infogram  :    infogr.am/    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am  Booth have advantages and dis advantages that are not free but they offer a freemium version for creating infographics . It depends on you specific application and purpose.   However if you want some professional results it is better if you pay a couple of tens of dollars.
  There are different ways of pursuing that career. I'll list a possible one  :   Start with statistics here are some links I like :    zoonek .free.fr/UNIX/ 8_R/all.html    free.fr  zoonek .free.fr/UNIX/ 8_R...   and if you want you can learn some R which is the data science language.      cookbook r   cookbook r      varianceexplained/RData/lessons/lesson /segment /    varianceexplained  varianceexplained/RDa...     Go on with algorithms . In this post you find the ten most used lagorithms in data mining / data science:    /Which are the    algorithms every computer science student must implement at least once in life  Which are the    algorithms every computer science student must implement at least once in life?    Start studying some literature. Some relevant works in data fusion :    algo data.quoraData fusion an overview of some relevant works  Data fusion : an overview of some relevant works. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  There are many other things to do such as participating in challenges  having a personal baby project etc.. It is a lot of work to do but you have to start from somewhere.
  Data aggregation is a tecnique that can be used to hide personal information or it can be used to provide information in a synthetic form. For example it can be used for spatio temporal data in order to provide it in an aggregated format i.e. in a spatialy or temporaly coarse resolution.  Data fusion instead is a tecnique to integrate the information of different datasets so that the value of the result of the data fusion process is bigger that the sum of its parts :   Here you find an extensive article about data fusion and the fields in which it finds the biggest application :      algo data.quoraData fusion an overview of some relevant works  Data fusion : an overview of some relevant works. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Here you find some examples on data fusion methods :    Here is also a nice article about data fusion    algo data.quoraData fusion an overview of some relevant works  Data fusion : an overview of some relevant works. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   There are different examples of data fusion.  As an ideal example you can consider the human brain which fuses data comming from the  senses.  A less ideal one is sensor data fusion. Think about robotics. A obot have to combine data from sensors of proximity  light  speed  pressure etc.. for handling an object for example.  In an industrial context it has to make a data fusion between data from sensors of humidity and temperature in order to tell if the specific product is packed in a right way.  Another application of data fusion is about video and audio analysis. Those two data signals are combined in order to represent better the dynamics of a moving object. It happens in a natural way to combine those two signals but it is infact data fusion for representing better an observed phenomenin.  As co author of the papers that brings these examples here :    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s                springer   Data fusion for city life event detection  and also    link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x?no access=true    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  I can tell that it is a process which has a two fold effect specially when you analyze personal data. It can enrich the data as you gain much more knowledge on the one hand  and it can harm the users privacy on the other hand.  Here is also a nice article about data fusion    algo data.quoraData fusion an overview of some relevant works  Data fusion : an overview of some relevant works. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion  And here a short presenantion of the data fusion process in slideshare :    slideshare.net/alketcecaj/data fusion for city live event detection             slideshare.net  Data fusion for city live event detection
   Data fusion is about any kind of data like cross domain data fusion. Here some more on that :    algo data.quoraData fusion an overview of some relevant works  Data fusion : an overview of some relevant works. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Not exactly! Data analysis cant be only about Kaggle or any other competition or school. There is much more and you have to show your participation in more projects It may help  however  as one more piece of puzzle in your portfoglio picture.
   It seems that for fighting the Terminator we need to learn Pascal or Lisp as in the following :    blog.robotiqwhat is the best programming language for robotics    robotiq   blog.robotiqwhat is ...  br
  Based on the different topics you follow  on your field of research  people you follow and many other parameters. For each person it associates an array made of the different parameters listed above. Then it calcolates the distance (euclidean ) between the different people and yourself. Then it recommends you the papers of people wich are the best match.
 You might try openstreetmap as well :    openstreetmap/#map= /  .   /  .     openstreetmap  openstreetmap/#ma...
 There is also Tableau :    tableau  tableau  Which was not mentioned in the previous answer.
   This article may provide some answers to the question :      link.springerarticle/  . 7/s            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data
    Here some journals and conferences I follow :   Journals:   IEEE Pervasive Computing  IEEE Computer  IEEE Internet Computing  Communication of the ACM  Pervasive Mobile Computing Journal  ACM Computing Surveys  Conferences:   IEEE Percom   Ubicomp Conference  Pervasive Conference
   Try    www.academia.edu/    academia.edu  Academia.edu   Share research   and    www.researchgate.net/    researchgate.net  Share and discover research
   Here you go with an extended guide (and not just some seminal papers) :   Start with :    Works from SENSEABLE CITY LAB                 senseable.mit.edu    mit.edu  MIT Senseable City Lab   and in particular       senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/   _Calabrese_et_al_OutdoorAds_IEEE_Pervasive_Computing.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...      senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/    _Calabrese_et_al_Social_events_Pervasive_Computing.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...      senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/    _Calabrese_et_al_Eigenplaces_Pervasive_Computing.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...      senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/ 8_Girardin_et_al_Digital_footprinting_Pervasive_Computing.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...      senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/ 7_Reades_et_al_Cellular_Census_Pervasive_Computing.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...        senseable.mit.edu/papers/pdf/    _Phithakknitnukoon_TT.pdf    mit.edu  senseable.mit.edu/papers/...        Works of HUMAN DYNAMICS LAB                 ess.santafe.edu/publications.html    santafe.edu  Engineering Social Systems Lab                 hd.media.mit.edu/TechnicalReportsList.html    mit.edu  Technical Reports   In particular:     reality.media.mit.edu/pdfs/eigenbehaviors.pdf    mit.edu  reality.media.mit.edu/pdf...        reality.media.mit.edu/pdfs/thesis.pdf    mit.edu  reality.media.mit.edu/pdf...           Works of  Matthai Philipose      homes.cs.washington.edu/~matthai/pubs.html    washington.edu  homes.cs.washington.edu/~...      In particular :      homes.cs.washington.edu/~matthai/pubs/aaai  .pdf    washington.edu  homes.cs.washington.edu/~...         Works of Tanzeem Choudhury      cs.dartmouth.edu/~tanzeem/pubs/pubs.html    dartmouth.edu  cs.dartmouth.edu/~tan...         Works of Mirco Musolesi     cs.bham.ac.uk/~musolesm/papers.html    bham.ac.uk  cs.bham.ac.uk/~musole...             Works of Barabasi       barabasilabpubs/CCNR ALB_Publications/      _JofPhysA Uncovering/      _JofPhysA Uncovering.pdf    barabasilab   barabasilabpubs/...        barabasilabpubs/CCNR ALB_Publications/      _Nature MobilityPatterns/      _Nature MobilityPatterns.pdf    barabasilab   barabasilabpubs/...        Works on PERVASIVE COMPUTING        google.it/url?bvm=bv.      % Cd.Yms;cd= ;ei=Bzv UOeBJdHmtQbjzYDoAQ;q=mant+faces+of+pub+;rct=j;sa=t;source=web;url=http% A% F% Fciteseerx.ist.psu.edu% Fviewdoc% Fdownload% Fdoi% D  . . .   .   %  rep% Drep %  type% Dpdf;usg=AFQjCNEU xtjMqCnfyGI b q RhDEqIt7A;ved= CEwQFjAC    google.it  google.it/url?sa=t;rc...          Journals and conferences to stay tuned with:     Journals:   IEEE Pervasive Computing  IEEE Computer  IEEE Internet Computing  Communication of the ACM  Pervasive Mobile Computing Journal  ACM Computing Surveys     Conferences:   IEEE Percom    Ubicomp Conference  Pervasive Conference   ACM GIS
     I very much liked this article confronting the different R and Python aspects :    opendatascienceblog/r or python for data science/    opendatascience   opendatascienceb...  br
     I find the answer in this article :    opendatascienceblog/r or python for data science/    opendatascience   opendatascienceb...
  Use EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis)  . Here you have a link :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis    wikipedia  en.wikipedia/wiki/Ex...
    I would never by as long as there are many other ways to obtain it free online.
     Here you go :    diva gis/gdata  diva gis/gdata  There you can find data for every country in KML or shape file format.
  MongoDB is the best I know.
    I don' agree with the previous answer. I think that the leadership in Canada has  good sense  even the choice was an extreme one. Well let me say. It seems that good sense is a resource that is lacking from the leadership class of most western countries.    However  this is my answer : the well being of the people in a country is much more valuable than gold.  Here in Europe and in Italy in particular   many countries are implementing politics of austerity. The result is that the unepmloyment increased and the economic growth is totally anemic. If Canada made such a choice due to the oil price fall it means that it values much more the human capital of his people than the intrinsic value of gold. br
     I know traffic detector store data as speed of the car passing by and time of passing which means the timestamp in milliseconds.  Maybe this dataset can help you :    research.microsoftapps/pubs/?id=  7       microsoft   research.microsoftap...  and there is also this other one :     research.microsoftapps/pubs/?id=         microsoft   research.microsoftap...
     Here are some links on datasets containing images :     )      image text pairs from Wikipedia):    svcl.ucsd.edu/projects/crossmodal/    ucsd.edu  svcl.ucsd.edu/project...     ) One million images with captions :    vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/~vicente/sbucaptions/    stonybrook.edu  vision.cs.stonybrook.edu/...     ) Flickr  K dataset:  7  images   captions per image.        illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7   illinois.edu/fb/sec/    7   br
  The faster and better way to learn Java is getting a tuttor that will teach you one on one.
8After you answer there will be an option bellow the answer that will give you the possibility to share or embed. Copy paste the html code and you should have what you are looking for.
    If you have the addresses you can geocode them using Nominatim. It will give you the coordinates of those addresses (latitude   longitude coordinates for each address).  So this is the result you obtain in step  .  If you know the area in which the adresses come from you can make a bounding box and query the Nominatim API. It will give you all the businesses and POIs of the area  and also the names of the businesses. This is the result you obtain in step  .  Then you can match the coordinates of the first step with those in the second step. If they are close enough ... say    meters then you can have the names of employers you are looking for.  It seems a long process but at the end it pays off specially if the dataset of employer addresses is large.
    I definitely recommend the book of Toby Segaran :  Programming collective intelligence   It has many project examples in Python from simple to more complicated ones  Here is the book :    amazonProgramming Collective Intelligence Building Applications/dp/              amazon   amazonProgrammin...
 As long as I know there is no possibility to do that since Quora doesn't have an API open to developers.  However it is possibile to share answers on Twitter   facebook etc.. if you give permition to Quora to do it. It. Is also possible to embed Quora answers in your website. If you click in the options bellow an answer you can get the html code.
 Follow the top down approach.  Break down the assignment in more simple problems and solve each problem separately. Then write code that implements the solution of each small problem. Put everything together and you have the main solution. Not only  it is also the best way to code as your code will be clean   simple and easy to read.
 Here are some of the last data visualization examples I like :     blog.visual.ly/  best data visualization examples    /    visual.ly  The   Best Data Visualization Examples from
 Here is one I like an is very easy to use . It is called easly :    easel.ly    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online  There is also infogram :    infogr.am    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am   .
 Here you find an extensive post about Java programming online resources :    algo data.quoraAlmost   Java Programing Links from my Delicious account  Almost   Java Programing Links from my Delicious account by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   There are links to libraries that implement algorithms in Java such as nearest neighbour or naive bayes text classifier in Java  Java APIs such as JDBC  Java IO  Java lang  Java net  Java util etc.
     Here are the ones that are most used :     ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine  /li  /ol   An extensive collection of algorithms and methods on data mining can be found here :     algo data.quora   Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining     Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  DBSCAN is one of those :    commons.apache/proper/commons math/userguide/ml.html    apache  Math   The Commons Math User Guide   Machine Learning  or Density Based Spatial Clustering .  It is able to find clusters of circular shape which is very useful for location data that show neighbourhoods in cities for example.  It is the most cited algorithm standing to wikipedia  in reseach papers :    en.wikipedia/wiki/DBSCAN    wikipedia  DBSCAN
 in english you can say  isoropia
    Yes there are : there are ship builders which are among the most rich people in the world and they are Greek. In the   ' the most rich man was Onasis and he was greek. Well these people are not paying proper taxes in Greece. They pay much lower taxes than they should and the Greek state sort of tolerates it (othewise the rich people building ships would relocate in China or wherever in Asia and some       jobs would be lost).  It is not the main reason for the state of Greek economy but it sums up with all the bad things.
  Start with Python or Javascript which are the most easy ones  and then learn Java which is the most popular one.   Start with a book  follow a course such as    ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java which is the best I know and it is free.   There many others online on Python or Javascript. Make the exercices and try to solve problems and translate the solution into code  it is the best way to do things. Try to undestand some code other people wrote.   When you feel comfortable pick up a project in github and try to undestand how it works.
  Here are some of my favorites :      it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  The Visual Organization     it ebooks.info/book/  88/    it ebooks.info  Data Fluency   Free Download eBook   pdf     it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Visualizing Data     shop.oreillyproduct/ 7       8.do    oreilly   Beautiful Data     shop.oreillyproduct/ 7     8 .do    oreilly   Visualize This   And this other ones that are more applied :   in R programming     it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Guidebook to R Graphics Using Microsoft Windows  in Javascript    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Visualization with JavaScript  in Python    it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Learning IPython for Interactive Computing and Data Visualization   And a post I wrote gathering some resources on data visualization :    algo data.quora  Plus links on Data visualization tools    Plus links on Data visualization tools. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Visualizing data structures is a good way to understand them.   In particular visualizing how each related algoritm as for example sorting works it is possible to see how the algorithm iterates step by step.   A post that collects some good resources for visualizing the data structures is this one here :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Some of the resources I like are :        www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Algorithms.html    usfca.edu  Data Structure Visualization  Visualization of the most important data structures. In the same link there are also some nice visualizations on Graph Algorithms as for example :   Dijkstra's Shortest Path Prim's Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Topological Sort (Using Indegree array) Topological Sort (Using DFS) Floyd Warshall (all pairs shortest paths) Kruskal Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Algorithm     Another one is    visualgo.net/    visualgo.net  visualising data structures and algorithms through animation  which has a great graphic design.         I like very much also    bost.ocks/mike/algorithms/    ocks  Page on ocks from Mike Bostock. It is all visualization of algorithms in Javascript and it is amazing.  It looks just like Art work. /i   Here you find some more about     algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here are ten of the most famous ones and their application in different fields :   Here a first classification as follows.    ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems. It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis.  A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips  frequently .    Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.     Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if   you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol     algo data.quora   Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining     Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion
     ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems. It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed /li  /ol
  I'll try to list some of the ones that are more in use for data mining / data science.     clustering  as for example k means    classification algorithm as KNN      dimension reduction algorithm for reducing dimensions of a data set and visualize it in  D       principal components analysis for finding structure in your dataset      collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems    However there are many other algorithms and for an extensive explanation here is a post where can be found more information:    algo data.quora   Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining     Of the Most famous Algorithms in Data Mining by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  There are many depending on the purpose of application .Here are some of the most famous :   clustering :is the problem of grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means    classification algorithms. Classification tries to predict  for each individual in a population  which of a (small) set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour )    dimension reduction algorithm for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    principal components analysis for finding structure in your dataset     collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems. It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar in terms . Here is a slideshare presentation on how the first four algorithms work :    slideshare.net/alketcecaj/algorithms presentation    slideshare.net  Algorithms presentation     association rules or co occurrence grouping for market basket analysis. A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together?  For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips frequently .    regression method for predicting the value of a certain value. For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis and text mining but also for many other applications     Dijkstra's Shortest Path for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph.      Link prediction to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if you and John share    friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life.  For more on data structures and algorithms have a look at my Quora blog :    algo data.quora   Algorithms and DataFusion
  The fact that it dosen't have an API for developers. There could be done many wonderful things with Quora if there could be an API: it would be much more social   widespread and popular.
  Java. Definetly.  Even IPhone is cool and swift is its language I would go for Java which is Androids language and the most popular language in the world.
  I would start with the book of Tony buzan :   tonybuzanabout/mind mapping/    tonybuzan   tonybuzanabout/m...  He invented those maps.
  To model arrival times one can use the principles of queue theory :      en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Queueing_theory    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...  It is the best way to do things before looking for algorithms.
  Twitter for example is the inventor of bootstrap :    it.m.wikipedia/wiki/Bootstrap_(informatica)    wikipedia  it.m.wikipedia/wiki/...  Bootstrap is now an open source project and part of it is now used inside the twitter fronte end technology.
  It is because they make smart questions.   Just as in the I Robot movie :  My answers are limited  you have to make the right questions    Or questions that are in Vogue.  Or questions that are funny.  Sometimes the answer is in the question.
  Yahoo answers for example is one.   it.answers.yahoo  it.answers.yahoo    However it is not as cool as Quora.
    Depending on the purpose of application and quantity of data there is possible to make a first classification as follows.   ol  li Clustering  :is the problem of  grouping the individuals in a population together by their similarity of attributes. A very famous clustering algorith is for example k means. As for the implementation of it you can use Weka :   cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Classification algorithms.  Classification tries  to predict  for each individual in a population  which set of classes this individual belongs to. A classification task  given a new individual  determines which class that individual belongs to. It also mya assign a probability to this association. An example is KNN (or k neares neighbour ) Also for classification algorithms you can use Weka as it provides up to   different classifiers.    Dimension reduction algorithm  for reducing dimensions of a data set .It tries to take a large set of data and replace it with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set. For example you can use the reduced data set for undestanding it better and visualize it in  D dimensions.    PCA or Principal Components Analysis  for identifying the most important variables in you dataset. There are many studies that use PCA for data analysis but this is one of the papers that applies it in an original way :   link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs                 springer   Eigenbehaviors: identifying structure in routine     Collaborative filtering for building recommendation systems.  It is a problem of similarity matching. For example finding people who are similar to you in terms of the products they have liked or have purchased or finding products that are similar with respect to set of attributes. In this later case an  item based  recomendation algorithm is performed    Association rules or co occurrence grouping  for market basket analysis.  A common question in this case is : what items are commonly purchased together? For example  analyzing purchase records from a supermarket may uncover that beer is purchased together with chips  frequently . An implementation of association rules can be used by installing Weka :    cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/    waikato.ac.nz  Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software in Java     Regression method for predicting the value of a certain value . For example : How much will a given customer use a certain service? The quantity to be predicted here is service usage  and a model could be generated by looking at other  similar individuals in the population and their historical usage.    LDA algorithm for sentiment analysis  and text mining but also for many other applications. Here a paper about it :    www.aaai/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI  /paper/viewFile/    /       aaai  Page on aaai     Dijkstra's Shortest Path  for finding the shortest way from a node to another in a graph. Probably the most important algorithm in graph theory.     Link prediction  to predict connections between data items  by suggesting that a link should exist  and estimating the strength of the link. For example in social networking it tries to guess if  you and John share   friends  maybe you and John could be friens also in real life. /li  /ol
 These emigrants other than being muslims are mainly young people and this is a very important point so lets keep it in mind  There are many countries in europe and EU whose populations are growing old.   One of those is also and above all Germany but France makes no exception.  The pensionistic system or retiring system of such countries will be unsustainable in the long term as more and more people grow old and life expetancy grows as well.   Those countries need young work force that will fill the empty ranges in the population's distribution and the empty treasory of the retirement system by paying taxes while they work. In this particolar moment the job market in Germany is going fine so no problem.   This in my opinion is the main interest behind allowing those people come in EU.
8 It depends on how long lasts your task .       If it is      minutes long then you can exercise  As a programer I need to do it and I suppose all the persons that sit all day long need to exercise       if it is       minutes then you can focus on something deep  read a paper or understand better an algorithm.  I also use a piece of code in Java sound that warns me when the run is over.
  Use the method of moving average . Have a look here :   docs.oraclecd/E    _  /doc.  /e   /und_forecast_levels_methods.htm#EOAFM         oracle   docs.oraclecd/E   8...   Also regression can be used for this task.
8  R is not so hard. You have to practice as with every programming language.  Good knowledge of linear algebra and statistics also helps.  When I think of its syntax is just like reading simple math.
  You can use an heat map just as    /profile/Robert Lee     Robert Lee showed . For that I would use Google Maps API. Here you find an example :    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/layer heatmap    google   Heatmaps  I have been testing it up to  .   .    locations and it works fine.   If you have more data than that number then you should use another solution.  Otherwise I would use a visualization in Google Earth : there is possible to organize the data in a grid where each cell of the grid contains a certain quantity of data in time.  By clicking inside a cell of the grid a time series graph should pop out  to show the distribution of the observed phenomenon in time.  You can do that by using KML :    developers.googlekml/documentation/kml_tut    google   KML Tutorial
 I think that before getting there you need to wait another      years. First those technologies are not in use in a massive way and second the technology used is not that reliable yet.
  It uses as interface a driver i.e. a pieve of code that will open a stream connection to the DB. For example in Java there is JDBC driver for communicating to and with a database. Here to read more on that   docs.oraclejavase/tutorial/jdbc/    oracle   docs.oraclejavase/tutorial/jdbc/
  The one I like more is this here :    w schoolsjs/  w schoolsjs/  There are also many examples on what you are looking for. Also  Head first on Javascript  has good examples
  I'll try to list some:   Traditional music   Food (olives  cheese  corn bread)    Albanian language  Not necessarly in this order
8  MovieLens has a data set for testing a recommendation system. Have a look at their site
    Yes it is. The main courses of data science in coursera     coursera     coursera   Page on coursera    are taught in R programming  It is also growing fast and taking over Python for what concerns the data analysis use of it.  Here is a link on that :    infoworldarticle/    /application development/in data science the r language is swallowing python.html    infoworld   In data science  the R language is swallowing Python  and here    kdnuggets   /  /r vs python data science.html    kdnuggets   R vs Python for Data Science: The Winner is …  R is easy to learn so I think this must be one of the reasons.
  For geolocating users I would make an HTML  application thus browser based geo location.  It is using triangular geo location and or access point geolocation so I guess it is precise enough for your purpose. Of course you have first to ask permission of the users of your application if they want to be located.   Here are some links on how you can implement it using the HTML  location API:     w schoolshtml/html _geolocation.asp    w schools   HTML  Geolocation   And here is another one that uses Google Maps Javascript API:    developers.googlemaps/documentation/javascript/examples/map geolocation    google   Geolocation   And since location data brings potential risks to the privacy of users  while using those APIs remember the Google's motto :  Don't be evil   ; )
    R programming is intuitive and all in all easy.   At the beginning the only difficouty I had was getting used to the interface (I was used to Eclipse) and later to R studio interface.   After the coursera course on R programming and a couple of good books I had no more problems.   There is a lot of support online (the R community is so big ) so it was not difficout to interpret and solve errors when they presented.   Also a lot of packages are available so that if you cant operate with one package : no problem at all.  You can do it with another package.  Summary : R is easy to learn and  great for data analysis.I would change it with no other programming language.  P.S  Here is a link on where to find some more R resources :    algo data.quora    Plus links on R programming statistics and visualization   Plus links on R programming  statistics and visualization. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and DataFusion
     Thinking in Java  of Bruce Ekel is the best for me :     mindviewincBooks/TIJ /    mindviewinc   Thinking in Java th Edition  Every time I read I learn new things.
   Here you find an example of life changing software :     shop.oreillyproduct/ 7          .do    oreilly   Programming Collective Intelligence  All the example are implemented in Python.
   In this post here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   you can find data of different type.  Check and see if there is one that fits to your case .
    There are different libraries in Java that implement Machine Learning algorithms :  This is a classification based on what type of task they are made for:   Text processing      a  LingPipe: for computational linguistics such as          topic classification  entity extraction  clustering  and sentiment analysis.     b  GATE:  is an open source library for text processing. It provides         an array of sub projects targeted at different use cases.    c  MALLET: it is about statistical natural language processing and some of the algorithms         implemented are for document classification  clustering and topic modeling   d  another text processing tool is also Tagme:     tagme.di.unipi.it    unipi.it  on the fly annotation of short text    fragments!      It is a “topic annotator  that is able to identify meaningful sequences of words in a      short text and link them to a pertinent Wikipedia page.   Computer vision      a  BoofCV is an open source library for computer vision and robotics applications.       It has features such as image processing  features  geometric vision          calibration recognition and image data IO.     Deep learning       a  Deeplearning j is a commercial grade deep learning library written in Java.           It is compatible with Hadoop and provides algorithms including Restricted           Boltzmann machines  deep belief networks and Stacked Denoising Autoencoders.    General ML    a  Java ML is a collection of machine learning algorithms implemented in Java.      It provides a standard interface for each algorithm       and references to the relevant scientific literature for further reading.       Includes methods for data manipulation  clustering  feature selection  classification.   b  JSAT provides pure Java implementations of standard machine learning algorithms         The list of algorithms includes classification  regression  ensemble  clustering etc..
   Beside simple short cut keyboard combinations  :    eclipsesourceblogs/    /  /  /top    tips how to be more productive with the best ide/    eclipsesource   My Top    Tips on how to be more productive with the Eclipse IDE   there is far more you can do with Eclipse as you may find in this post with more that   links on how to with Eclipse in Java :      algo data.quoraEclipse for Java plug in shortcuts and Eclipse books  Eclipse for Java: plug in  shortcuts and Eclipse books by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion
   This is a link a like about Eclipse short cuts :    eclipsesourceblogs/    /  /  /top    tips how to be more productive with the best ide/    eclipsesource   My Top    Tips on how to be more productive with the Eclipse IDE   If you want to go more in deep here you find a post with more that   links on how to with Eclipse in Java :      algo data.quoraEclipse for Java plug in shortcuts and Eclipse books  Eclipse for Java: plug in  shortcuts and Eclipse books by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
    You can start with this material here :    introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/  algorithms/    princeton.edu  Algorithms and Data Structures   If you program in Java there is opendatastructures book in Java :    opendatastructures/ods java.pdf    opendatastructures  Page on opendatastructures that can be downloaded for free.   Beside notes check also these links on visualizing data structures and related algorithms.  It will help you undestand better and be clearer in your notes.    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion
   Here is a post with some links on resources that can help you visualize data structures and related algorithms :     algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   This is a post that indicates some links on books on R where each book covers a specific task in R such as visualization  machine learning or simple data crunching.    algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Machine Learning and Data Science in R  and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  In the same blog you find also   more R programming links  on R programming resources.
  Actually  the cellphone number  is anonymized when the data is released by the operator.  However there remain some issues on privacy due the the release of the location position and time.  Also there is the risk  that an attacker might re identify the data using a side information such as geo referenced social network data . In this paper you can find a way to evaluate in quantitaive way this risk  :    link.springerarticle/  . 7% Fs            x    springer   Re identification and information fusion between anonymized CDR and social network data  Here is a smaller version of the paper ;    ieeexplore.ieee/xpl/login.jsp?arnumber=     ;tp=;url=http% A% F% Fieeexplore.ieee% Fxpls% Fabs_all.jsp% Farnumber% D         ieee  Re identification of anonymized CDR datasets using social network data
  Here you find data about air quality in Milan  Italy    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   The dataset describes the pollution type and intensity of Milan city using various types of sensors located within the city limits.   It provides information about the pollution intensity and type for Milan city. The type and the intensity of the pollution are continuously measured by different sensors located within the city limits.  Each sensor has a unique ID  a type and a location. Different sensors can share the same location.
  Here you can find some data about current flowing in the grid of Trentino which is an Italian city:      theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/#portfolioModal     fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento   The dataset  regards the current flowing through the distribution lines and details about how the distribution lines are spread over the Trentino territory. There is no spatial aggregation for this dataset. The current flowing through the distribution lines has been recorded every    minutes.
  There is the MovieLens dataset. You find it here  ;    grouplens/datasets/movielens/    grouplens  MovieLens  There you find also       ratings from    users on     movies.
  I have been using Nominatim API    wiki.openstreetmap/wiki/Nominatim#Parameters_     openstreetmap  Nominatim   OpenStreetMap Wiki  With it you can get the location of different types of retail stores. Here is the string of how you can make the querying of the API     nominatim.openstreetmap/?addressdetails= ;format=json;format=json;limit= ;q=% Bbakery% D+berlin+wedding    openstreetmap  nominatim.openstreetmap.o...   Changing the parameters for type of shop and city it is possible to use it everywhere.  This is how the response of the Nominatim API looks :    [{ place_id :        licence : Data © OpenStreetMap contributors  ODbL  . . http:\/\/www.openstreetmap\/copyright   osm_type : node   osm_id :          boundingbox[  .  7       .  7        . 7        . 77   ]  lat :  .  7     lon :   .     display_name : Back ; Snack  Müllerstraße  Brüsseler Kiez  Wedding  Mitte  Berlino Germania   class : shop   type : bakery   importance : .   icon : http:\/\/nominatim.openstreetmap\/images\/mapicons\/shopping_bakery.p.  .png   address :{ bakery : Back ; Snack   road : Müllerstraße   neighbourhood : Brüsseler Kiez   suburb : Wedding   city_district : Mitte   state : Berlino   postcode :        country : Germania   country_code : de }}] /i   It is json format and you have to parse it and take only the fields you are interested in. Read the API documentation for understanding better ;    wiki.openstreetmap/wiki/Main_Page    openstreetmap  OpenStreetMap Wiki
  PEW research is one  that might help you    pewresearch/data/    pewresearch  Data  There are data about society and demografica  media and technology etc..  Another source might be world bank data section :   databank.worldbank/data/databases.aspx    worldbank  databank.worldbank/da...  They have many datasets for every country and also aggregated data  indexes and so on
  There is this report in world bank data section about Co  data emmisions :    databank.worldbank/data/reports.aspx?Code=EN.ATM.CO E.PC;id=af ce b;ispopular=y;populartype=series;report_name=Popular_indicators    worldbank  World Development Indicators   Also in this post     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion    you find another link on pollution data over two italian cities Milan and Trentino
  Here you go with a collection of datasets of any kind :     algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion   There are datasets of  :   pollution data    weather data     spatial data in shape file    statistics of any type about different countries etc..
  There is a site that provides spatial data in the shape file format as .shp files for example.  It provides datasets for every country as administrative ares  road netwok  railways  population  land cover and so on.  Here is the link :    diva gis/gdata    diva gis  Download data by country   If you want some more links on datasets not only spatial but also pollution data  weather data  statistics of any type about different countries etc..  then try this post :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Yes there are books that explain the problem or the process of finding a solution to the problem as:   top down approach  bottom up approach   They are both useful but is not clear when you should use one or the other :      dept info.labri.fr/~strandh/Teaching/MTP/Common/Strandh Tutorial/top down programming.html    labri.fr  dept info.labri.fr/~stran...      en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Top down_and_bottom up_design    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...   As for the book check this link here :      www.google.it/url?q=http% A% F% Fee.hawaii.edu% F%7Etep% FEE   % FBook% FPDF% FChapter .pdf;rct=j;sa=U;sig =tXgUzLcU  UDEdCmN8caWQ;usg=AFQjCNF_ck y tT ndZIxF dyURgDMIiTA;ved= ahUKEwiwzdP8j _KAhUDjnIKHWyjD EQFggfMAI    google.it  www.google.it/url?q=http...
 It is possibile to do it but with a huge cost and in the long term it would be extremely inefficient. As internet connection speed increases also this type of data transportation will vanish.
  As a machine learning expert you have to know math or better good math. In particolar statistics  in particolar inferential statistics   more in particolar bayesian statistics.   As a machine learning expert you also have to understand the basis of CS and know how to code in at least one OOP language. Otherwise I dont see how you could be an expert in ML.   As you can understand you need both CS and ML to be an expert.
  Since social network structure can be seen as a graph then I have been visualizing using Gephy. It is a open source framework for graph data visualization  :    gephi/  gephi/
 I also save the data in .tsv or .csv files while working with R.  Even files with up to   milion records.
 Lets put it in more sentimental terms Say you had a girlfriend and she broke up with you because you are too arrogant. And lets say you there is a guy you hate. For Russia seeing Ukrahine inside EU is just like you seeing your former girlfriend with the guy you hate. More or less.
  I would go through these steps :   book Head first on Javascript      shop.oreillyproduct/mobile/          .do    oreilly   shop.oreillyproduct/...    Freecodecamp     freecodecamp  freecodecamp       find a project in github and participate     githubtrending/javascript    github   githubtrending/java...
  Data science requires skills such as math  statistics  coding and data communication / visualization.  It is certainly a job that would fit to freelancers. A freelance professional can organize his time as he want.  In this sense data science is already a part time job.
  If by advanced things you mean served side development then you can start with Node.js. There are different libraries to use it such Express.js  You can start with a book such as :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Page on it ebooks.info   If you mean data structures here is a good book about it :    it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Data Structures and Algorithms with JavaScript
  Yes there are better options.  I would use R instead.      en.m.wikipedia/wiki/R_(programming_language)    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...   It is free and there are a lot of packages for doing almost anything!  Here is some more evidence :     burns statinterview with a forced convert from matlab to r/    burns stat   Interview with a forced convert from Matlab to R   Burns Statistics     skilleduparticles/matlab vs r programming    skilledup   Page on skilledup    Here you can download it :    cran.r project/bin/windows/base/    r project  Download R  . .  for Windows. The R project for statistical computing.
  When you query the Google Maps API it will respond with a JSON object typically. You have to parse that JSON object and find a key that is called place_id. The value corresponding to that key is what you are looking for.
  It depends on the programming language you use.    For example for Java programming you might read :    introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/  algorithms/    princeton.edu  Algorithms and Data Structures or    ww .java .datastructures.net    datastructures.net  Data Structures and Algorithms in Java    If you use C++ to program then    cpp.datastructures.net    datastructures.net  Data Structures and Algorithms in C++ is a good one to read.      For Python users instead there is :    eu.wileyWileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd EHEP      .html    wiley   Data Structures and Algorithms in Python     Finally there is an intresting book in Javascript for algorithms and data structures :    shop.oreillyproduct/        7.do    oreilly   Data Structures and Algorithms with JavaScript   An intresting way to learn and undestand better the data structures and how they work is to visualize them as explained in the following post :    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
  Here is one  :    student.seas.gwu.edu/~idsv/idsv.html    gwu.edu  Interactive Data Structure Visualizations  You can see visualized LinkedLists  Trees  HashTables and different algorithms on data structures such as :  Comparison Sorting Bubble Sort Selection Sort Insertion Sort Shell Sort Merge Sort Quck Sort Also you find graph algorithms for example :   Breadth First Search Depth First Search Connected Components Dijkstra's Shortest Path Prim's Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Topological Sort (Using Indegree array) Topological Sort (Using DFS) Floyd Warshall (all pairs shortest paths) Kruskal Minimum Cost Spanning Tree Algorithm  I also  know this resource here which visualizes algorithms in every iteration :    bost.ocks/mike/algorithms/    ocks  Page on ocks which is most amazing one I have seen. I would call it figurative ART.   Last but not least here are some more links to resources where you can see data structures  and algorithms visualized:    algo data.quoraVisualizing Algorithms and Data Structures  Visualizing Algorithms and Data Structures by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion
  I vote for  Muderer with mirrors . It is the best for me.
  Here you go :    ebook  Fundamentals of Physics  th Edition_  7   .html    ebook     Fundamentals of Physics  th Edition  There are also many other books on physics. You're welcome ; )
  Check worldbank data site    data.worldbank    worldbank  Data | The World Bank  They shoulkd have some data of this type you are looking for.
  By accessing a social network API service   for example Twitter you have almost real time data .     dev.twitter     twitter   Twitter Developers   You can collect tweets in real time over a geographic area or tweets related to a certain hashtag and then visualize the tweets using leaflet.js for example.  Or you can analyze the tweets in real time for detecting events happening a certain part of the city.  Also you can use news feed parsing for analysing real time data from newspapers.
  Here is  :    cucis.ece.northwestern.edu/projects/DMS/publications/AnomalyDetection.pdf    northwestern.edu  Page on northwestern.edu  a set of event detection techniques intended as anomaly detection summarized in this survey papers. In some of the works anomalies are modeled as outliers so I guess it is your case. These are some of the tecniques summarized there:   Classification Based  Clustering Based  Nearest Neighbor Based  Information Theoretic  Spectral  Techniques used for the following Applications  Cyber Intrusion Detection  Fraud Detection  Medical Anomaly Detection  Industrial Damage Detection  Image Processing  Textual Anomaly Detection  Sensor Networks   Here it is a good collection of anomaly detetction methods  There is also this paper here  :  A survey of outlier detection methodologies     eprints.whiterose.ac.uk/7 7/ /hodgevj .pdf    whiterose.ac.uk  Page on whiterose.ac.uk
   u Lets undestand ourselfs first what it means standard computer /u   u . /u  If you mean a desktop computer with u     Gbit of RAM  at least     Gbit of SSD disk  i prcoessor /u  then yes. With a pc like this you can handle datasets even up to      Gbit.  Now lets undestand ourselfs what you mean by open.  If by  open  it you mean analyze it  then you might write some code (lets say in Java) and use some collection of data structures such as  u List or LinkedList or HashMap or TreeMap or Set for making your analysis then the answer is yes. /u     You can do it for making some EDA  for example (Explorative Data Analysis).       u Try to make also a lot of visualizations  /u as it will help you undestand a lot about your datasets fields or the relations between them. In more statistical terms what I mean is  u univariate analysis(histograms and so on) and multivariate analysis(correlations and so forth). /u  R is great for making visualization  in a blink of eye and it also has a great collection of data structures just in case you dont like Java. Good luck with your data set openning.
    Learn how to code in a OOP programing language such as Python or Java   learn how to use it for analysing spatial data or if you can spatial   temporal data.     learn how to interface python or Java with data from google earth   archgis or other GIS systems.    There are some frameworks such as graphhopper that can also be a nice investiment to Learn. Faster you learn to code and faster you can start using GIS systems in their full potential
   Try this one here :    ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java from MIT OPEN COURSEWARE.  Actually is the best.
   You could try Quandl :    www.quandl     quandl   Quandl Financial and Economic Data  I know they have economic and financial data.
   It is a difficout question to be answered with just some underlined points:  To undestand better read some scientific papers such as this paper about your question    cups.cs.cmu.edu/LBSprivacy/files/TsaiKelleyCranorSadeh_  .pdf    cmu.edu  Page on cmu.edu  or this one :    cavvia.net/media/SensingTheUrban BawaCavia.pdf    cavvia.net  Page on cavvia.net
   Wearable devices such as Fitbit (I own one)   garmin etc.. A lot of people wear it now and more and more people will do in the next  years. They will generate a huge amount of data of different types in different context.  Health status of individuals can be infered from those data so it will certainly have an impact on how health studies wil develop. This on my opinion can be considered a great thing in the field.
   From bloody lakes in Iraq to disappearing island in pacific oscean. Whats on (google) earth ! There are three links that catched my eye.      brainjetplaces/  7 /  craziest things seen on google earth#page=     brainjet   brainjetplaces/ ...      noupeinspiration/photography/   bizarre and cool google earth photos.html    noupe   noupeinspiration...      m.livescience 8     strangest sights google earth.html    livescience   m.livescience 8   ...
  It is not necessary but it may give you a competitive advantage as the research knowledge and the atitude you develop during a PhD may be very helpful during your whole career
     githubtrending?l=java  githubtrending?l=java  Here you can find some nice java projects. Try proving one of these or use it in an innovative way.
   Try these two :     it ebooks.info    it ebooks.info  IT eBooks   Free Download   Big Library   Also a more general one is this one here :     ebook       ebook     Page on ebook
      u Here are some libraries classied by language you can use to program /u       In Java there is Jsoup:    jsoup    jsoup  jsoup Java HTML Parser  with best of DOM  CSS  and jquery    In Python there is Scrapy    scrapy    scrapy  A Fast and Powerful Scraping and Web Crawling Framework      In PHP you can use Goutte:     githubFriendsOfPHP/Goutte    github   FriendsOfPHP/Goutte     In R programming language you can use rvest    githubhadley/rvest    github   hadley/rvest   If you do not know how to code then here are some tools for non coders  :     tech.co/  web scraping tools save time data extraction           tech.co   Web Scraping Tools To Save You Time On Data Extraction
  I can list five (which can then be cut into more pieces) that are the most   important.     Banking and trading! Financial  services in general.   Insurance industry     Manufacturing industry in general for supply chain managment and optimization.    IT sector in particular in Smart Cities context : that means also  .     smart mobility .    smart government  .    smart economy .    smart environment .   .......      Comunications sector specially mobile telecomunications.
 I like this one here for IT books:     it ebooks.info    it ebooks.info  IT eBooks   Free Download   Big Library   Also a more general one is this one here :     ebook     ebook
 Nothing! Just use    infogram.am    infogram.am  infogram.am . It is free in its basic version and you pay a small fee if you want premium features for your infographics.
    Yes  or at least what seems have a meaning. You find an example in this book from Stanford university page    web.stanford.edu/class/cs   /    stanford.edu  web.stanford.edu/class/cs...   It is called the Bonferroni principle and you find it in chapter  .
Javascript is much easier to Learn ! It is typeless and browser based. Better ? It depends what kind of applications you want to build.
 You can use Google Analystics to capture the behavior of the users in your website i.e. the navigation in the different pages and the pages where the user leaves your site or the pages and sites from where he/she comes from. Countries and cities and so on on so forth. Then you can use Google Cloud DB for storing that information    cloud.googlesql/docs/introduction    google   What is Google Cloud SQL?     cloud.googlestorage/    google   Cloud Storage   Online Data Storage  As both Google Analytics and Google Cloud are Google products there should be an option offered by Google to integrate them so that you can store the data and then eventually analyse it.
This is highly specific type of question  The context is not clear. Please explain yourself better!
   You have first to start with statistics and there are some good sites  .   Statistics One : great course on Coursera.  Then try some books  :  The Elements of Statistical Learning     books.google.it/books?dq=Introduction+to+Probability+and+Statistics+Using+R;hl=it;id=A lBAgAAQBAJ;lr=;oi=fnd;ots=wi7zXmhu d;pg=PR ;sig=d EzqoI ti8L Xmo7lY KORW IQ#v=onepage;q=Introduction%  to%  Probability%  and%  Statistics%  Using%  R;f=false    google.it  Introduction to Probability and Statistics Using R    Some R programming which is the mother of data science :      www.coursera/learn/r programming    coursera  Page on coursera   Good resorces online :   Flowing data (though a little bit expensive) may also be good site to follow:    flowingdata     flowingdata   FlowingData
   Well Quora itself is an example of application that uses classification algorithms.    It classifies text mainly I guess.  For example they classify text in order to recognize good or pertinent answers automatically.   The same approach can be used to classify user profiles and generate tailored feeds automaticaly for a certain user starting from his interests.   A simple classification method is Naive Bayesian clasification that uses conditional probability.  I think it is used for recognizing  spam emails and automaticaly discarding it in the spam box.  Also K nearest neighbour is another algorithm used to classify new entries based on their features.   Clustering algorithms can also be used to classify documents based on their content. One of the most famous is K means.  LDA method is also a way for classifying text from a semantic point of view.  All those clasifiers are first trained with labeled data. It means that they Learn from the labeled data how to do their task.  Fitness wrist bands such as fitbit ones are trained to recognize users activity such as walking  cycling  running or sleeping. This way they can measure and report activities with great precisione.
Analyzing simple code is only a small part of your learning process. Actually at the begining you have  to  start with it. It is OK but you have to go much further. You must practice code every day and make small projects. Learning by doing is the best way.
I like very much this one here  :     amazonApplied Spatial Data Analysis Use/dp/   7  7    amazon   Applied Spatial Data Analysis with R (Use R!): Roger S. Bivand  Edzer Pebesma  Virgilio GÃ³mez Rubio:  7   7  77: Amazon : Books   There are also these that I havent read yet:      amazonSpatiotemporal Data Analysis Gidon Eshel/dp/       X/ref=sr_ _sc_ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=spatio+temporal+data+analyssi;qid=        ;s=books;sr=spell    amazon   Spatiotemporal Data Analysis: Gidon Eshel:  7       7: Amazon : Books     amazonStatistical Spatio Temporal Monographs Statistics Probability/dp/         /ref=sr_ _sc_ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=spatio+temporal+data+analyssi;qid=        ;s=books;sr=  spell    amazon   Statistical Analysis of Spatial and Spatio Temporal Point Patterns  Third Edition    and      amazonStatistical Spatio Temporal Monographs Statistics Probability/dp/         /ref=sr_ _sc_ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=spatio+temporal+data+analyssi;qid=        ;s=books;sr=  spell    amazon   (Chapman ; Hall/CRC Monographs on Statistics ; Applied Probability): Peter J. Diggle:  7         : Amazon : Books   and     amazonAn Introduction Spatial Analysis Mapping/dp/      8/ref=pd_rhf_se_s_cp_ ?dpID=  c APP MvL;dpsims;ie=UTF8;preST=_SL   _SR % C  _;refRID=  V MMY Z QRCTNWCGZR    amazon   An Introduction to R for Spatial Analysis and Mapping: Chris Brunsdon  Lex Comber:  7       : Amazon : Books /b
 Here are some   links on everything on Java I have collected during years of study .       algo data.quoraAlmost   Java Programing Links from my Delicious account  Almost   Java Programing Links from my Delicious account by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   These are  links on    simple Java code on OOP  data structures    algorithms in Java such as nearest neighbour or naive bayes text classifier in Java     Java APIs such as JDBC  Java IO  Java lang  Java net  Java util etc..  There are also some resources about     Java libraries on data visualization such as JFreeChart or Prefuse   wrappers for social network data harvesting     Java driver for MongoDB  as well as    Java programming patters. Minor issues are also    how to parse JSON in Java and how to parse a pdf document using Java and in          general text processing.    Other links are about Java
 It is  but I would start instead with  Head first on Javascript  which is much better. Beside that I would exercise with online learning tools such as code accademy.
 I agree with    /profile/Mathieu Dutour Sikiric  Mathieu Dutour Sikiric .   Actually is difficoult for publishers match reviewers expertise with the works / paper s to be reviewed.   The task itself is somehow subjective  so the result is also subjective at some extent.   Another difficulty is also the fact that research in different areas (specially in some areas ) is developing really fast and it becomes increasingly harder to stay up to date on the state of art .
 If you are not familiar with programming in any language then I recommend to  use an online tool   such as    twitteridscraper     twitteridscraper   Twitter ID Scraper   It lets you search tweets based on specific keyword and location or Trending Topic and save it to a CSV file. You can then open it in excel and analyse it.   If you can program in Java or python for example there are many wrappers that can help you harvest Twitter API.
 Yes   you can develop in local.    Then you can upload you site to your domain space using Filezilla for example.   It is actually better and faster as you dont need to edit anything online wich is usually slower and needs a permament internet connection    There are many guides online on how to use joomla in localhost by using some integrated environments such as XAMPP or WAMPP.
 You could use location data from social networks.  Every social network service such as Twitter  Instagram or Flickr has an REST API from which you can harvest some georeferenced tweets or pictures.   Do it for a period of time long enough so that you can have some individuals that used to tweet or make pictures mainly in their home town (or mainly in town A ) and after the moment they moved in the different city (Town B).   Probabiliy this will take time maybe one year but is the only way to have historical georeferenced tweets . Instead Instagram and Flickr will give you georeferenced pictures in the last years so the historical time dimension will not be a problem.   By analaysing the text in the tweets or the tags that describe the pictures you can infer if those people are happy or not with their move.   It is called sentiment analysis and it can be done automatically using some algorithms of text mining.  It is the only way I know
  It is mainly text analysis. It is an intersection between sematics  onthologhy and computer science. More specifically is computational social science.
  There is a coursera course  Learning how to Learn  that might be a  good candidate for you. There are many tips on learnig. But remember that there is no way to learn fast or faster even if somebody will tell you  there is.  There is a Danish philosopher i like and he said : TTT = Things Take Time   Piet Heine.
 You have to learn statistics in order to estimate for example the quality of a process or service or product.  In fact the quality of production of goods is expressed as the rate between the good functioning products and the ones that have some problems of production.   If you are refering the quality compared with that of products form competitors then you have to study materials and how they are produced.
     There are   u two  reliable data sources /u    that have international data and that you can use for this kind of task:    World Bank  data      and  United Nations  organization data  Here are some links  :      data.worldbank/topic/environment    worldbank  Environment | Data      worldbank/en/topic/environment/brief/pollution    worldbank  Pollution      econ.worldbank/WBSITE/EXTERNAL/EXTDEC/EXTRESEARCH/   contentMDK:  7    ~pagePK:      ~piPK:      ~theSitePK:     .html    worldbank  Air Pollution in World Cities (PM   Concentrations)      data.worldbank/indicator/EN.ATM.PM  .MC.M     worldbank  PM .  air pollution  mean annual exposure (micrograms per cubic meter)
   Google earth has revolutionazed many ares of research such as archeologhy  urban planning  and of course crime solving  and treasure hunt.   There are some interesting cases in wich GE helped discover tax evasion in Italy in Greece  ( if only those governments would be more tech savvy they wouldn't be in high debt trouble now ).   The italian case was very funny as there was a man that declared to the tax office the sale of his holidays house in Sardinia for  .    Euro But then investigators discovered (by using GE ) that it was a huge house with garden and swiming pool. Market evaluation of the house :  million euro .  The man wanted to evade tax for   % of the money : ) .. what a genius!    An interesting case of  discovery of marihuana field  by Swiss police that managed to discover it even it was masked in a field of corn(marihuana and corn was together in the same field).   By on the other side also criminals are using GE  to discover and plan their strikes.
  Nope! Try a free resource instead!  Here you go with this :    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits   It is called FreeCodeCamp: They also give you a certificate when you finish.  I like it how they have organized the course. It is quite interactive.
     Learning by doing is always the best way for learning!As you have no time to go to courses I would recommend online learning sources such as code accademy or code school.   I have discovered also a resource which is free. I like it how they have organized the course and the way it. It is called FreeCodeCamp:    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits   They also give you a certificate when you finish.
   The best way is learning by doing as always ! A way to do this is e learnig or online learning sources such as code accademy or code school.   In the last days I have discovered another resource which is free and I like it how theuìy have organized the course. It is called FreeCodeCamp:    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits   They also give you a certificate when you finish.
   A good way could be to try online learning sources such as code accademy or code school.  There is also one I like that is free . It is called FreeCodeCamp:    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits
   Not yet.  It is only avalilable in US  and recently in Australia as the picture shows.      qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg    bee f   e f  a        d8e .webp   They say in their blog that it will be available soon in different countries :  As from robinhood blog    blog.robinhoodnews/   / / /onward    robinhood   Onward
   Yes it is untill certain bounds. I will list some reasons:    Even they charge you nothing for trading transactions they have a business model  that follows a similar model with that of banks when it comes to monetization. Like banks  they collect the customer's assets then they have the ability to lend these assets out and charge interest on it.  They seem to be reliable and competent people   One of the funders have a  Math PhD in UCLA  while the other has been working in finance. It seems a good combination    They are backed by some good investors   such as Google Ventures  Andreessen Horowitz  Aaron Levie  Snoop Dogg and other companies.    Great app and already have a large number of users in just two years :  million dollars transacted so far on platform /b
   Yes you can make an algorithm that will count the frequency of each word in your text. then you can order the words by frequency and consider the first three.   In Java it can be done as follows :  // code String list =  This is just a piece of text to test the count frequency of the algorithm. This       is just a test ; 	HashMap&lt;String  Integer&gt;m = new HashMap&lt;String  Integer&gt;();     String [] tokens = list.split(   );    for(int i =  ; i &lt; tokens.length; i++){            String si = tokens[i];           Integer si_int = m.get(si);            if(si_int == null){                 m.put(si   );            }           else m.put(si  si_int+ );      }      for(String s: m.keySet()){            System.out.println(s+    +m.get(s));        }  // end code  It will print as output :  just    to    is    text    count    test    algorithm.    a    the    frequency    This    of    piece     In this case the potential key words would be : test  just  text    You can copy paste the code inside your eclipse ide. Obviously inside the main method.   Enjoy : )
     It is about text processing. You find the the frequency with which every word appears in the text and that number becomes the size of the font of that word.  For example :  I like pies but I like vey much muffins and also like puddings.  I =   like =   pies =   ........... .............  and then by ploting those words the  like  and  I  words will appear much bigger then the other words such as  pies  etc..  Here is an example on how to do it in R :     algo data.quoraDelicious tags as a word cloud graphics  Delicious tags as a word cloud graphics by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion
   Arabic text is different from Latin one and the way R undestands it is not clear. You should try to find out how R console can treat arabic letters. There should be somekind of standard. However if you want to do it in Latin  here you find an example of how to do it in R :     algo data.quoraDelicious tags as a word cloud graphics  Delicious tags as a word cloud graphics by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion   You have to install first the packages needed.
  Maybe the most important tradition in Albania is hospitality. It is however subordinated to a greater tradition or better call concept which is  Besa . Besa is the idea that wants to see the hosted person as sacre.   It means that if somebody comes to your house (and asks to be hosted) you are responsabile of his life and you should give yours if it is needed to save his.  In the   ' and  ' here where many jewish people escaping from the nazists that found hospitality in Albania. Albanians hided then risking their own lives. Here is some documentation to that.      yadvashem/yv/en/exhibitions/besa/introduction.asp    yadvashem  Besa: A Code of Honor. Muslim Albanians who Rescued Jews During the Holocaust. Yad Vashem      en.wikipedia/wiki/History_of_the_Jews_in_Albania    wikipedia  History of the Jews in Albania   Also the famous    en.wikipedia/wiki/Constantin_and_Doruntinë    wikipedia  Constantin and Doruntinë legend is based on the concept of Besa.   However as albanian society is evolving these traditions as Besa are vanishing.
   This guy here :     en.wikipedia/wiki/Piet_Hein_(scientist)    wikipedia  Piet Hein (scientist)   He is a poet and scientist and a phylosopher. I think a beautyful mind.  Also    en.wikipedia/wiki/Søren_Kierkegaard    wikipedia  Søren Kierkegaard is a great one!
    Its portability I think. It is expressed in its moto  write once run everywhere . It is also one of the main charateristics of the language itself.
   Yest it is! As    /profile/Howie Reith  Howie Reith says it is pareto law :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Pareto_principle    wikipedia  Pareto principle  You find it everywhere in the real world. And since the internet social networking services such as facebook  twitter  and of course quora imitate the real world then they follows the same rules.
   It depend from the proximity to the borders or in general from the geographic area.   Along the coast line the people speak mostly Italian. During the comunism dictature they used to whatch more to italian television channels and stay tuned with those.  After the      Italian language became one of the most spoken languages as many albanians emigrated in Italy.  The same is true for Greek language even there is no television part of the story. People from the southern Albania tend to know Greek language because they have been in Greece as immigrants.   English is also one of the main languages spoken as in every other country and some German language is also becoming a trend.  There are some traditionional ties to French language in Korca city.  Some villages next to the FYROM border speak slavian languages as well as some villages next to the greek border that speak greek and vllah which is a romanian language dialect .  Albanian is a language that (probably one of the few languages ) that is spoken more outside than inside borders of Albanian state
   The main difference is data itself. There is much more data of any type available nowdays.   As a conseguente many different tools for handling it has been invented such as MongoDb a NoSql database and Tableau an integrated environment for data analysis and visualization.  Also the philosophy of data science itself didn't existed as we intend it today and that was due mainly to the scarcity of data. And to the fact that certain data mining algorithms where only used and understood by scientists.  There are also many developers today in average  more then    years ago. So more people that may make of data science their profession.  The availability of data and developers and Github( social coding) is also a combination that didn't existed    years ago and will help data science develop quickly.
   Here are some of the most important albanians in different fileds of human activity   Writers  Ismail Kadare Petro Marko Dritero Agolli  Patriots  Ismail Qemali Isa Boletini Frasheri Brothers  The only king of Albania  Gjergj Kastriot Skenderbej  Nobelist  Mother Teresa  Famous people outside Albania  Jim and John Belushi Anna Oxa Elisa Dushku Rita Ora  Actors  Kadri Roshi Robert Ndrenika Margarita Xhepa Mirush Kabashi Roland Trebicka  Dancers  Kleidi Kadiu  Painter  Ibrahim Kodra   Unfortunately the most hated man in America :  Martin Shkreli      bbcnews/world us canada     7      bbc   Who is Martin Shkreli   'the most hated man in America'?   BBC News /b
   I agree with Julian Fernandez    there are some places that deserve to be seen there such as    en.wikipedia/wiki/Berat    wikipedia  Berat and Butrinti also called    en.wikipedia/wiki/Buthrotum    wikipedia  Buthrotum . Both are  Unesco world herritage centers.
    I know this one here may be a good option though I have never tested it for grammar verification purposes  :    jtextpro.sourceforge.net    sourceforge.net  JTextPro: A Java based Text Processing Toolkit   There is also the web version of it :     jwebpro.sourceforge.net    sourceforge.net  JWebPro: A Java based Web Processing Toolkit
   Since you want to develop  a game I can recommend this book here :     it ebooks.info/book/7  /    it ebooks.info  HTML  Games Most Wanted  It is for beginners.  There is also this  course in Udemy that may help you with game development in HTML .  It is not for free but still is an option.     www.udemycreate a html  game from scratch/    udemy   HTML  Game Development Tutorial: Learn how to make html  games   I would start with the book first.
  It costs nothing. Use infogram  it is free and you can make nice infographics with it.   infogr.am/  infogr.am/  There is also a pro version if you want more funtionalities and features.
   There is Google free course on deep learning on Udacity.    www.udacitycourse/deep learning  ud      udacity   Deep Learning   Otherwise there is also    deeplearning j    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM  At least one of those should provide a piece of code for implementing your recommendation system.
   It is both actually.  Its normal as it takes time   six months or so and you have to Learn a lot before you feel confident in your programming skills. Keep learning every day and you'll be smart enough.
   There are some Javascript libraries that are worth of mention.   Many are general purpose and others which are more specialized for a kind of task. The classification that follows is based in this logic.    Of course one of the best is d  and general purpose  :    d js    d js  D .js   Data Driven Documents  An interesting resource when you can find some stunning examples on how to use it is this link here  :    bost.ocks/mike/    ocks  Mike Bostock   Then I would have some words for Google Charts     google developers.appspotchart/interactive/docs/gallery    google developers.appspot   Chart Gallery  Genaral purpose library from Google.    Then I would mention Leafleat :    leafletjs     leafletjs   Leaflet — an open source JavaScript library for interactive maps  It is specialized in maps of any kind.  If you want to present your data as a timeline / timeseries visualization then you should use these two libraries that are specialized for that kind of task : Timeline.js     timeline.knightlab     knightlab   Beautifully crafted timelines that are easy  and intuitive to use.  Envision.js which is more for timeseries visualization    humblesoftwareenvision    humblesoftware   envision   demos   There is also Sigma.js for graph visualizations. It supports also interactive visualizations of graphs of any type .    sigmajs    sigmajs  Sigma js   You want to present your ideas to audience  but you don't like power point presentations ! No problem there is Impress.js :    impressjs.devpost     devpost   Impress.js: Beyond the Presentation
   You need to know statistics. If you want to visualize a boxplot graphic for example you need to know statistics to interpret what the graphic is showing you.  For example in the following plot you see a boxplot graphic showing a normal distribution of an interval of numbers.      qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg a7 a  b  acd  d    dfe 7f7c   .webp    The same for a histogram or a kernel density plot... and so on an so forth.  Is the same when you study functions in Math.   To undestand if a function is an increasing one or a decreasing one you plot them. Also for undestanding if the min max values you find are locat or global ones.  Also for data mining in general you need to visualize data. For example  if you are making a cluster analysis then you have to visualize the number of clusters you  are finding with your k means algorithm is the right one  i.e. it correspoonds to the effective one.
   So you want to parse the file and then maybe put the values in a data structure so that you can find the max min and number of elements. If the file you are going to read contains                                  This is the code you need :   // for reading the file BufferedReader = new BufferedReader(new FileReader(new File( file.txt ))); // data structure for inserting the values List&lt;Integer&gt;list = new ArrayList&lt;Integer&gt;(); String line; while((line = br.readLine())!= null){ // split the line you read after the      String [] r = line.split(   );      // iterate through these values  for(int i =  ; i &lt; r.length; i++){  int val = Integer.parseInt(r[i]); list.add(val); } }br.close(); // number of elments  System.out.println(list.size());   // then by using other methods of the Arrays class you can get max an min.
   If you think data analysis is exiting then  try these ideas here :    Try to read the data in a file and then load a data structure with it. For the parsing you wil need to go through the lines and think what to do in each step. Then make a method thta will print  the data you read from the file.  You can print a file where data are sorrounded by html tags and you the file has an extensions .html so a web page. Taking data in one format and transformin it into something else has some unexpected results and  is a nice exercise for you to do and train yourself in this kind of thinking.  You can use JFreeChart to visualize the data you read from a file as a diagram for example as histogram  bar diagram or boxplot.     jfree/jfreechart/    jfree  JFreeChart      web scrapping is also a nice thing to try.For example by using Jsoup you can retrive info from the web that you can then use for different purpose of analysis.     jsoup    jsoup  jsoup Java HTML Parser  with best of DOM  CSS  and jquery    Just as you did with youtube API  try to use a social network API (such as Instagram one or Flickrs in the area of your city) and retrive some social data. You can discover a lot from those data such as areas of your city that have a certain tendence to talk or take pictures about a certain thing.    www.instagramdeveloper/    instagram   Instagram Developer Documentation     Check GitHub : there you can find many projects in Java that can stimulate your creativity:    githubtrending?l=java    github   Build software better  together
   I very much liked this book of Y. Daniel Liang :    amazonIntro Programming Comprehensive Version Edition/dp/    7     /ref=dp_ob_title_bk    amazon   Intro to Java Programming  Comprehensive Version (  th Edition): Y. Daniel Liang:  7    7     : Amazon : Books  It costs a little bit but it has a great number of examples and exercises that are just what you need to learn and practise Java.  It also covers (in its    + pages ) almost every aspect of java from basis to OOP and from IO API to Collections API and from GUI basis and SWING to JDBC API.
    More than language I would focus in frameworks like Spring and Struts that can speed up you work and increase dramatically your productivity. For getting there you need Maven and you must learn it also.  A nice source of info about Struts and Spring. I like these tutorials here:     mkyongtutorials/spring tutorials/    mkyong   Spring Tutorial  Then for web development there is Play a java framework that makes web development easy.  If you want a challenging language (which is more a paradigm) then learn functional programming. If you want to remain with Java then try Scala or Groovy that are Functional Programming languages based on Java.
     The acquisition of    en.wikipedia/wiki/Sun_Microsystems    wikipedia  Sun Microsystems by    en.wikipedia/wiki/Oracle_Corporation    wikipedia  Oracle Corporation was completed on January       as of Wikipedia.  The Tutorials thus are created afret that date.
   Among the different tags of a kml file there is the tag description. You can use that to put the names of each placemark so that when you click on a placemark you see the name of the placemark itself.  It works like this :  &lt;description&gt; name of placemark &lt;/description&gt; Otherwise there is a tag that is called name and you can use it for displaying the names of your placemarks in the same way of the description tag. &lt;name&gt; name of placemark &lt;/name&gt;  Here is the link to the snippet of code from the KML guide of google    developers.googlekml/documentation/kml_tut    google   KML Tutorial
     I think it is Javascript and HTML  that they use. In particular the whole bunch of web developement is called MEAN and that is MongoDB  Express.js   Angular.js and Node.js.  It is particulary good way to develop online applications that do not block.
    Alan Touring.
    There are two options :    A   If you mean the coordinates of a road from A tothen you can use graphhopper. It is based on Open street map and can give you all the data you need as it is open source    graphhopper  graphhopper .  B  Otherwise you just draw a line over le road you want to copy in Google Earth and copy that line by just making right click and copy. Then paste what you have just copied in a text file.  At the end there will be a line of coordinates inside two placemarks like that :  &lt;coordinates&gt;   .        .        .          .    ....&lt;/coordinates&gt; That is the string of coordinates you are looking for.
    There is a nice course in coursera I like. It is called  Learning how to Learn .
  There are many. Foursquare   Instagram  Flickr Twitter and many others.  In general  as location is becoming more important all the social networks are adding location based services. Even facebook has its LBS such as  facebook places .
    Start using overleaf! It is great for beginners as it has a nice guide and you can understand better.  It also is better in debugging showing you the line of error  which not always in desktop LaTeX applications is clear.  Here is the link    www.overleaf  www.overleaf
    It seems that there is a well documented testimoniance in Medium :     medium.freecodecamphow i landed my first job as a web developer f   fe 8b #.qm p j      freecodecamp   How I Landed My First Job as a Web Developer — Free Code Camp
     If you are a beginner then check FreeCodeCamp:    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits  They teach you everything from HTML  to Javascript and related frameworks as in the figure bellow.        qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  e  abad7ae e  a  f   dc c d .webp   They also have a nobel purpose: that of helping non profit companies.
    Check FreeCodeCamp!  You can learn to program for free in different languages as for example Javascript as well as database language SQL.  Here the link :    freecodecamp    freecodecamp   Learn to code and help nonprofits   As you can see from the title they have a noble mission which is that of helping non profit companies.  They even release you a certificate at the end of the course.
  I have tried infogram. It seems to be a nice tool for creating infographics on line for free. There is a premium version if you want more features.  Here you find it :    infogr.am    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am   Once created the infographics can be shared online.  I tried it once to make a timeline of the economic crisys (and related effects ) in Italy.    infogr.am/timeline della crisi in italia?web    infogr.am  Timeline della crisi in italia   Infogram  charts ; infographics  It is in italian of course.
   The existence of compier and interepreter is due to the portability concept that characterizes Java programming language.   Java code is compiled to an  byte code  at compilation time.   The Java byte code is not executed on the hardware as it has to be first interpreted by the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) at runtime in order to be executed. If the compilation is ok (it means no runtime errors ) then it can be executed. This two phase process ( interpretation compilation )is also the main difference between Java and C for example
    I'll try to give you a more technical answer.   To understand what a CAPTCHA is you have to undestand what a Turing Test is :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Turing_test    wikipedia  Turing test  A CAPTCHA can be defined as a reverse Turing Test.   The intent of the test is for the judge to attempt to distinguish which of these two situations is actually occurring. It is presumed that a human subject will always be judged human  and a computer is then said to  pass the Turing test  if it is also judged human.
   There are some useful data at the data section of World Bank site. For example you may find helpful this food production index :     data.worldbank/indicator/AG.PRD.FOOD.XD    worldbank  Food production index (      =  )       qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg b d7be   bcfe   b  d   7 b .webp    This is how the index is defined :   Food production index covers food crops that are considered edible and that contain nutrients. Coffee and tea are excluded because  although edible  they have no nutritive value.  You can export the data in csv format.   In general  World Bank site is a good source of information in international statistics .  You may find interesting also this one :    indexmundi    indexmundi   IndexMundi   Country Facts
   If the data you want to collect is pictures  you can build a client in any programming language (in Java for example) and start querying the REST API of Flickr photo sharing social network. You have to have a Yahoo account for that.  There are different wrappers(in different programming languages) that you can use to build your client.  As for the particular location you are asking about  the Flickr API lets you make spatial queries of a specific area .  You just have to provide the coordianates of the left low point  A and up right pointas in the picture attached.      qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   a ecfeaf  e ac  b      d.webp  Of course Xa  Ya are latitude and longitude coordinates.  There is also a temporal dimension : i.e. the date of start and end of the period of time the pictures where made.  The same is true for the Twitter API.  For Instagram API instead you have to make a spatial query of a specific location as a precise geographic point A(LATa  LONa). Then the API will give you up to    pictures of that location.
   You can calculate that based on the number of inhabitants of the city / country by knowing that the demand has to  be satisfied by the market.   For example lets say the average restaurant has   seats.  For being profitable it has to work every day with at least   % of its capacity. That means that it has to serve   people every day. And lets say the  % of the people in a city are regular customers of at least one restaurant.  In a city of one million it means .    people are customers. Then you may speculate that the number you are looking for is .    /  .   You can make your model more and more precise by introducing even more variables an hypothesis such as the number of days a restaurant remains open  the income per capita of the country and so on and so forth.  Your result may be approximate but it can be good enough for using it in different studies or applications.
   Those visualizations of Mike Boshtock of data structures and algorithms are amazing :    bost.ocks/mike/algorithms/    ocks  Visualizing Algorithms  So far as long as I know visualizing every iteration of complex algorithmic step was not done by anybody.
  I would go for coursera. Even at Udacity they kind of promise you find a job after the course it is not garanteed you find one. I have already fine   courses of coursera data science path and i find it really good.
   Absolutely not! It is just like asking   is the number of internet users decreasing ?   Java is among top ten programming languages and probably  top three.  You can read here :     tiobeindex.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/index.html    tiobe   The Coding Standards Company  and here :      gaggag/anKrb q/   highest paying programming languages in         gag      Highest Paying Programming Languages in      and here  :     uk.businessinsidergithub most popular coding languages     ?IR=T;r=US    businessinsider   The   most popular computer languages  according to the Facebook for programmers  or make a google search about Java.
  If you have the data (as records of location of latitude and longitude) then you can  wrap the data with KML tags and generate a .kml file of placemarks or lines if you are interested in building paths.  Then you can visualize the results by opening the .kml file in Google Earth.  Good news Google is releasing Google Eart Pro version for free.  Enjoy : )
    Geo referenced social data can be obtained by using the REST API of social networking sites such as Flickr  Instagram or Twitter.   There are many wrappers(I use Java to collect data from Instagram ) written in almost any language : Python  Java  PHP etc..   It is not easy at the begining bu if you know how to program in a programming language just follow the instructions of the  Developers  section of the social networking site and read the instructions of the specific wrapper and you should get there.
   I would check this course from coursera :    www.coursera/specializations/machine learning?utm_campaign=recommendationsEmail%7Erecs_email_    _  _  ;utm_medium=email;utm_source=recommendations    coursera  Page on coursera It is inexpensive and there is the whole track from regression fundamentals to recomendation systems  dimensionality reduction and final project that uses deep learning.
   Here is an interactive way to decide about it :     lifehackerdecide which programming language to learn with this in  7       ?utm_campaign=socialflow_lifehacker_facebook;utm_medium=socialflow;utm_source=lifehacker_facebook    lifehacker   lifehackerdecide whi...
  As an environmental engineer among many other tasks you have also to analyse data from environment such as noise pollution or air pollution.  Well if you know how to programm (in Java for instance ) you my build an application that can take the data from sensors and elaborate / visualize the results almost real time.  Then you could make a web cool application (in JSP or PHP for example )and put everything online thus informing / sensibilizing the people about pollution impact in their health.  Knowing how to programm may also help you with model simulations which are very important in every engineering field.
   You can use Google Earth to visualize spatial data. You wrap the coordiates as points lines or polygons usually using a programming language as for example Java and then visualize it with Google Earth.  For example in the follwing picture there are placemarks visualized with different colors depending on a certain feature.      qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg f eef fe   fb7dd77aa c  fc  bdb.webp
   If you know how to program in Java for example  you can make a parser from kml to csv or any other format.  It seems the most long and difficout way but at the end it reveals  the fastest.
   James Gosling . Check this link of wikipedia :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Java_(programming_language)    wikipedia  Java (programming language)
   Yes it is and it is growing. Not as much as R programming but it is growing. Check this infographic that shows the most popular programming languages on Github.     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg  fab  7c c  8c  b    a e  d.webp
  Data analysis and Mobile development.
   Udemy courses are great! You can buy one for   dollars and they show you step by step how it works. If you dont have   dollars then check a book like    www.packtpubapplication development/nodejs example    packtpub   Node.js By Example . It costs .  dollars. If you want some free resource then try some googling : there is plenty of material online on node.js.
    If you know Java there is a library that makes this kind of task easy : It is JTS    vividsolutionsjts/JTSHome.htm    vividsolutions   JTS Topology Suite . It handles every caculation such as those with spatial data i.e. polygons.  Otherwise you can use this library which is kind of simpler in handling spatial data:    githublocationtech/spatial j    github   locationtech/spatial j  but check if it matches exactly your case.
   There is an interesting work as of the example you are talking about which is this one  here :    firstmonday/article/view/    /        firstmonday  Mapping the global Twitter heartbeat: The geography of Twitter   The author Leetaru is a pioneer of big data analysis. He made also a great statistical analysis with the tweets in a global level.
  Try this. h  Python for Kids : A Playful Introduction to Programming /h   Python is an easy to undestand programming language and I think it will be not difficoult for a kid to explain.   Otherwise you can try Javascript. It is also a type less language and may be a good choice for teaching to code to children to that age.
   Yes  in the same way architects create houses. But they have to deal with construction engineers. Here is where the discussion becomes intressting. The architects often design very challenging (for the laws of physics) buidings. The engineers have to implement the design in practice and many times the final product is a compromise between the architect and the engineer. In the same way  the same is true for building an app (web app  android  iphone app etc.. ) . You may be creative as much as you want  but it has to be something feasible from a software engineering point of view.
  I would start with coursera . It seems more simple. Then it is free.   I dont know if Udacity can give you a free subscription as coursera. However in coursera there are many other ML courses for free. You pay only if you need a verifyed certificate.
  It is not difficoult at all. I'm an industrial engineer and I learned two programming languages such as Java and R in a one year and a half. In general if you are curious and have patience to learn you can learn to program in one year or even six months.
   I would try Head First on Javascript. It is a nice book to read  with simple application examples and easy to follow code examples. It makes you follow the concepts of coding in Javascript in a slow but effective way. I would try also something interactive such as a course online. There are some basic Javascript courses in Udemy or in code accademy.
  I think you will need every statistical concept in making predictions but if you have little time then try to learn inferentail statistics and in particular Bayesian statististics.
   How much is  low cost  for you ? I find this article may give you many useful examples for different levels of budget :    uk.businessinsiderways to earn passive income       ?IR=T;r=US    businessinsider      ways to earn passive income
    Statistics  Data analysis and sw development.
   D  is quick if you already know javascript. It is pretty good also for interactive data visualization. Processing is a programming language and it takes some time to learn it. However it does advanced data visualization and there is also a javascript library processing.js
    It tells you how sparse the values of your variable are from the mean. For example lets take an interval X = {          7} it yields mean =  and Standard deviation =  .      .   In the second version lets consider Y = {           } This range of values gives a mean =  7.    and a Standard deviation =   .    .  Even the mean is not increasing  that much  the standard deviation is now much higher. That means that there are values ( ) very for from the mean.  If you consider the median instead of the mean then the example is much more self explanatory.  While the median is equal to  in both cases  the Standard deviation is much higher in the second case.  It also tells us that the median is much more reliable than the mean.
    There is Udemy. They teach you how to make a web site in PhP and Mysql using Bootstrap for example. Here the  link :    www.udemyphp mysql tutorial/learn/#/    udemy   Beginner PHP and MySQL Tutorial   Udemy
    In Java you can use JFreeChart     jfree/jfreechart/    jfree  JFreeChart  In Javascript you can use  Leaflet :    leafletjs     leafletjs   Leaflet — an open source JavaScript library for interactive maps  or D   :    d js    d js  D .js   Data Driven Documents  You can use also KML for visualizing location data :    developers.googlekml/documentation/    google   KML Documentation Introduction
    By using CDRs or location data from social networks such as Twitter or Instagram for example you can :   Using Mobile Phone Data to Predict the Spatial Spread of Cholera  Predicting Crime Hotspots Using Aggregated and Anonymized Data on People Dynamics  You find more info in this collection of papers here :     netmob/assets/img/netmob _book_of_abstracts_oral.pdf    netmob  netmob/assets/img...   or this one here :     perso.uclouvain.be/vincent.blondel/netmob/    /D D book.pdf    uclouvain.be  perso.uclouvain.be/vincen...
    Tensor flow is a collection of ML techniques and algorithms written in Python and C. OpenAI is a movement just like open source software that aims to keep AI implementation forms  of software such as Tensor Flow open and accessible to all. Furthermore OpenAI has a mission on  Saving humanity from machines  as Musk says:    en.wikipedia/wiki/OpenAI    wikipedia  OpenAI
   Make a small manual of every simple diagram in your favorite programming language  wether R or Python or even Java : bar graph  histogramm  plot  scatterplot  bubble plot  pyramid diagram and so on and so forth. Every diagram must be in its simplest form.  You can then modify it according to your needs in the specific case. Keep this diagramm updated with new examples and new visualization techniques.   It will help you to save      min each time instead of googling it every time.
   Google for example. Brin and Page where studying the algorithms reletaed to seach and text classification during their thesis.
      In the same way you determine similarity between people by looking at who liked a particular item and seeing the other things they liked you can determine similarity between items. And then you can use the same methods for solving item based filtering. You find a great example of item based filtering here  in the second Chapter :    shop.oreillyproduct/ 7          .do    oreilly   Programming Collective Intelligence
    Do you mean transfer learning as Co training for example ?
     As huge quantities of data are created each day by humans and machines at the end there are different ways of representing data and each dataset measures different activities. To undestand better the story behind each dataset we need to fuse (put together) each dataset.   In the traditional way of doing data fusion  schema mapping and schema matching was used by simply combing records between the different datasets / databases and obtaining as final product a database enriched of different features.  In the big data era this approach is not any more efficient or even more feasible. New way are needed that combines the knowledge and insights extracted from each dataset instead of plain records. The knowledge that derives by each dataset is a result of complicated algorithms such as machine learning ones (clustering  LDA  PCA and bayesian networks)  This combination of knowledge is the future of data fusion.
      around    dollars but you can have a student version for free if you ask them.
       I'll try to resume it in three points just as you asked but one can add even more subsections to each point.   OOP : everytime I look at it I learn something new.   Programming Patterns or design patterns in Java and here is a good book :    shop.oreillyproduct/ 7         .do    oreilly   Head First Design Patterns        Programming frameworks such as Spring  Maven  Play etc.. that greatly simplify and speed up your work.
    R and SQL or Python and SQL . I prefer R however. Good for you to know C++ there are many machine learning lisuch    mlpack    mlpack  a scalable c++ machine learning library   or    githubJohnLangford/vowpal_wabbit    github   JohnLangford/vowpal_wabbit . You will see you'll need machine learning for your task of data scientist.  If you like you can learn Java also. And use it instead of C++
      yes! definetly!
      I think Python is the easiest but R is also a good candidate.
     I belive that the answer is yes ! Android appsfor example are written in Java.
     My first research project during PhD studies was on data reidentification using as side information social network data. If I can say what I found useful is the Java data structtures an related algorithms. A good computer with    Gbit of RAM and SSD drive helps a lot.
       It is very easy with R. you load the data and then write boxplot(data) in your cosole. or you can make a summary stat and have the values as Qmedian Q  min an max.
      No matter how you start wether books read or statistics studyind or code practising or modeling or studying algorithms... At the begining you allways will make a lot of confusion. Thats how you start. Then step by step you start clearing your mind and start understanding.
     No it is not.   To have an idea of what I am talking about consider the data generated each day. So  let’s consider the typical day of a normal person which sets her/his alarm clock on the phone for the next morning  goes for a run and registers her/his activity on a wearable fit device  buys coffee using his fidelity/credit card  chooses the public transportation using a dedicated app and shares a nice morning picture on a favourite photo sharing social network. The day continuous by responding to incoming calls  SMSs  instant messaging and  emails thus creating more and more data.   This will continue with IoT even more as devices will comunicate with each other.   That why data science is not a fad as long as huge quantities (and different types )of data will continue to be generated.
   I guess they make a lot of collaborative filtering in Netflix and also association rules. As a company it seems a good company to work for.
      I'm not a CIA agent so I dont know for sure but I suppose that you have to be pretty good and kind of eccentric data scientist just like the mathematician in the NUM ERS series.
       Then you need CSS = computational social science. Basicaly you need to undestand algorithms such as clustering  multidimensional scaling  linear regression and collaborative filtering..... and know a programming language like Java or Python to implement those lagorithms and start analysing data.
   I like coursera and Udacity. Try to have a look on these sites and their university partners. I know coursera has a partnership with John Hopkins university in organizing data science courses. Through coursera for example you can have a look and create and idea of how those universities look like .
   By presenting them projects in which you have participated and created some sort of application that makes something innovative. They love to hear solutions on business cases or improvements on related issues.
    Try for example deeplearning J. You find it here :    deeplearning j    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM .
   There are .gov websites that make available open data. Also local public administration sites have data online that you can download.   There are many institutions as the World bank for example which has a lot of data on almost every country.
   Well.. it is pretty hard at the begining as you have to learn a lot of things and you have to be good in both programming and math . However stress might be a good thing as long as you control it or use it to boost your attention and productivity.    But with time as you start learning and knowing better and better your domain it becomes easier.
      : Statistics!  : Read a book and then learn R programming. With R you can analyse data in a blink of eye.
    I would go for business intelligence and data analysis. MObile development is ok but business intelligence will upgrade your brain. You learn statistics  math  managment  sales  and many other things.
   Here you can find a twitter dataset over two italian cities :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento I dont know what you mean specifically by normalization but if it is about statistics you can do it yourself
      MObile data is a very sensitive data (privacy violating data) so when you say  sell it  like it were apples or watermelons you are about to commit a crime.   You can collect it for your study and make available the results of your study.  Said that there are two interesting dimensions of mobile data which are location and time. This way mobile data can be seen as mobility data and used to study travel behavior and or patterns emmering.
    I would recommend for learning Java the  Introduction to Programming in Java  course from MIT OCW which is free. I dont know about the course that you are asking about but if they ask you money for it then you would better follow my advice.
    One that has a fast processor example i  plenty of RAM =    Gbit  a good Graphic card that can help you with the visualization and a fast SSD hard disk. Once that you have those it doesnt matter the brand
    For sure EDA (Explorative Data Analysis) is one of those.  Then you can apply algorithms such as Classification  Clustering  Regression  Anomaly detection etc.. Each of those can be an homonymous type of data analysis.
    I like an infographics from dataCamp :    blog.datacampdata science industry infographic/    datacamp   The Data Science Industry: Who Does What (Infographic) . It answers your question very well.
       blog.datacampdata science industry infographic/    datacamp   The Data Science Industry: Who Does What (Infographic) I like this infographics and I find it pretty fits your question.
      This infographics explains it very well :    blog.datacampdata science industry infographic/    datacamp   The Data Science Industry: Who Does What (Infographic)  There are also other data professionals that are involved in the data industry. From the degrees required to the salaries.
    I find this infographic self explanatory :    blog.datacampdata science industry infographic/    datacamp   The Data Science Industry: Who Does What (Infographic)  There you find everything on data universe jobs from roles to salary and degrees necessary to get there.
   Try data science specialization course by coursera. There are    courses on statistics  R programming  regressione  machine learning etc...
    After the book make a lot of practice just as    /profile/Lokesh Saravanan R   u Lokesh Saravanan R /u   said. You need to find java projects in Github (simple ones maybe) and participate. You learn each time you try to code something new so after the books this is the natural way of proceeding.
    By participating in projects and achieving the project's goal. Practice and is the best proof you can give.
   What do you mean by kind of data.. ?
    It is a great idea! Java has some good libraires for text mining such as :    sites.googlesite/nccuci/java open source text mining and information extraction tools    google   Java Open source Text Mining and Information Extraction tools   競爭智慧nccu or you can try also    jtmt.sourceforge.net/    sourceforge.net  Java Text Mining Toolkit
   RStudio : it is open source and you have to know R Tableau : it gives you a license for students for free and you dont have to know programmin.  Microsoft server : you can find an old copy for free and you have to know SQL. MySQL server : it is free and open source and you have to know SQL .
    Sanky diagram. You find more here    en.m.wikipedia/wiki/Sankey_diagram    wikipedia  en.m.wikipedia/wiki/...
    For example mobile data  social network data  census data  mobility data  power consumption data. There are many other types like sales or log data.  As for buying the data ... I dont think you should by it. Try to participate in data challenges organized by mobile phone companies or other institutions. They provider good reliable data for free if you participate.
     Try RServe. I have tried it and it is quite easy to connect to eclipse. Here you can find more info about it and how to start using it in eclipse.    rforge.net/Rserve/files/    rforge.net  Rserve   Binary R server   download/files   RForge.net
   I can speak about an italian fashion industry I know and they use an ERP SAP. They also prefere Java and Python developers for creating ad hoc applications.
  8You should specialize in data science and in particular text mining. As the biggest part of information on Quora is text (semantic content) then I think they might need you. But.. there are many other social networks anyway : )
    Design patterns help in  sw architecture. A good book in Java is  Head first design patterns
    I would choose Java.
    There are plenty of them. Check this article     mediumlife learning/the   best websites to learn something new  e cb cad     medium   mediumlife learning...
   The Great depression in America was caused mainly by the financial crysis. In Greece the crisys was caused mainly by the competitivity crysis (Greek products / services were not competitive) which was not immediatly visible to everybody and only after it was worsened by financial crysis.
   After you have learned and undestood how the OOP works in Java.
    Try  Learn Python the hard way  . I learned with it and it is a great book.
    I will take as an example of programming language Java but the answer is valid for every language wether Python  Java  or R.  The starting point might be a multiple one.  I mean that you can read a book such as    amazon.it/Thinking Java Bruce Eckel/dp/8       /ref=sr_ _ ?ie=UTF8;keywords=thinking+in+java+ ;qid=     7  ;sr=      amazon.it  Amazon.it: Thinking in Java   follow a course online or    ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java in the same time.  The crucial thing is that you continue learning as the learning experience becomes more and more difficoult  One good thing to have in mind is this curve of learning how to develop code.     lifehackerwhy learning to code is so hard and what you can do ab        7    lifehacker   Why Learning to Code Is So Hard (and What You Can Do About It)   good luck : )
    Of course you can. Writing code is always about good design.. so if you need some time to spend for making a good design so that the code will need less manteinment work in the future then this is a good thing.  However with time and practice you will speed up so I wouldn't worry too much about speed.
     From what I have seen in LinkedIn at least in the UK it goes from  K £ to  K £. It might be a quite different range in US however.
   Here it is a simple algorithm : find out how many lines a file has and then make a counter. Whn the counter is equal to the number of lines then you have your end of file checker.
     Nope. Programming will evolve into much simple/ complex concepts and will move to a higher level of abstraction.
      Use the delimiter to separate words. For example if the words are separated by space then use that to separate the lines in words.  For example in Java that would be ;   String [] record = line.split(   ); String word_i = record[i];
    Python of course. But Java also can be a valid candidate.
     I like this one here:     amazonEffective Programming More Than Writing ebook/dp/B  8HUMTO     amazon   Effective Programming: More Than Writing Code  Jeff Atwood (Coding Horror)   Amazon
     It depends from your capabilities of self teaching. Programming though is not a very self explanatory discipline so it might be hard to undestand (and sometimes frustrating ) without the help of a teacher so..   However you need to pay just for learning the basis as after that you can go on yourself.
     There are many. If you want a theory book then try these links :     folk.ntnu.no/jenswerg/  CEFd  .pdf    ntnu.no  folk.ntnu.no/jenswerg/  C...     amazonStatistics Engineers Scientists William Navidi/dp/    7       amazon   Amazon : Statistics for Engineers and Scientists ( 7    7    ): William Navidi: Books   If you want a more practice oriented book(for example practising by using the R language) then check this ones :     amazonIntroductory Statistics R Computing/dp/    7      amazon   Amazon : Introductory Statistics with R (Statistics and Computing) ( 7    7  ): Peter Dalgaard: Books     r bloggersmy new favorite statistics data analysis book using r/    r bloggers   My New Favorite Statistics ; Data Analysis Book Using R
    Collaborative filtering an some clustering analysis. If the data is anonymized i would try to de  anonymize it by using as side information data from other social nets.
      It will take you a couple of years only for Java. So I reccomend to give up assembler and C/C++ Just stick with Java  Javascript and MySQL  if you like also HTML  ; CSS.  It is better to know just a few languages ( ) very well than many languages so so.
    There are many IDE such as netbeans  intellij IDEA or JCreator. But the best for a beginner is Eclipse. So i would start with that.  Then when you are a mature developer move to IntelliJ IDEA. It offers a better integrated environment and a slim management of the code as it undestands context  thus saving you time and effort.
   A HashMap is unordered so that you can use a TreeMap. A TreeMap will sort your keys in a ascending/descending order but it takes more time to insert. In a HashMap you have a better performance when you insert entries.
  An i processor        Gbit of RAM and a  GB Hard disk  better if it is a SSD one.
  I have attended Coursera's data science specialization track. It is a very good one and I recomend it.
  Try    Coursera     coursera   Page on coursera  . You can find there many courses in programming in python for example.  Also    codeschool     codeschool   Learn to Code by Doing   Code School is a nice site to learn programming.
  Start with statistics. Descriptive statistics and bayesian statistics. Linear algebra and matrix operations.   Then go on with algorithms such as collaborative filtering for recomendation systems building  multidimensional filtering  clustering algorithms and principal components analysis.  Learn how are implemented datastructures and how to use them.  Learn good SQL and NoSQL database systems such as MySQL and MongoDB.
 It is difficoult to choose just three. However I will give my classification as follows:   IoT i.e. Internet of Things. It will have a huge impact in terms of social and economic change.    Big data. Related to IoT it will give a new undestanding of how we communicate and live our lives. From astronomy to genomics it will make us undestand a lot and improve our lives and evolve into a new level as species.    Cloud computing. It already have a huge impact. It will also be an infrastructure for the first two I already mentioned.   There are also many others I want t o mentionion as green energy or space exploration. This last will be a top tech in       years.
  At the beginning you have to commit many hours. As much as you can. event too much is not enought at the beginning. Dont pay attention that much to hours but more on what you learn.   Then things change as realize that you can not learn everything so you should choose what you need to learn every time to  get better at your work.
  There are some best tools for programmers and not programmers.   For programmers : you can choose R language or Java  Python or Javascript.  All these tools have visualization libraries that are very cool.  For example Java has JFreeChart and R has  good emebeded libraries or external libraries such as ggplot   ggvis  leaflet etc. In Javascript there is D .  Idem for Python you can find many vis libraries.   If you are not a programmer you can use Tableau or Google Fusion Tables or other BI visualization tools. There are plenty on the web.
  Start with this book about learning Python  Learn Python the hard way . For me it is the best.   Then try also some Code Accademy courses or Coursera courses.
  I would start with a book.  Head first on Javascript  is one that I like. Then make a course online. Udemy or Code accademy could be valid candidates for you to learn in an interactive way. Then start making your project. You also and above all learn by practicing
  I would use PHP or JSP. You can connect the web application t o a database and make an web interface for the users. And there are also many libraries for making your web interface interactive. /i
  When I want a fast visualization of data I use R. For example a table plot like the following. It only takes two lines of code.     qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg   d c  7a  ac7f f b b  7 f a  a.webp   I find R much better that Python.
  Code School is only part of your learning. It can only help you for some aspects. It is your learning experience that have to be complete and thus effective. So dont rely only in Code School but find also other sources of learning
  Write down the key points and then repeat    times.  Find associations with other concepts that help to memorize better. However understanding is the fundamental but till then you have to memorize.
  You have to practice! Find a good book of problem solving and start studing the problems you find there. Problem solving is the first step and the second is that of translating the solution in code.   If you want to choose a PL then choose Java. It is OOP and you have a lot of libraries to make almost every kind of application
  I recommend Java.
  If the research of the aspiring scientist will involve a lot of data analysis (probably it will) I recommend R language. It has a great number of packages for many tasks and algorithms.  If the research will involve mostly simulations then I would recommend Java. In Java there are many libraries that can help you make simulations of multiagent systems for example.
  Consultancy job may be hard to do at the begining if you have no experince. I would suggest you to get a job in a big manufacturing / logistic company in their supply chain managment section. There you will learn a lot of things you didn't in school. Then move to another section of the company or in another company. You have to do this for a coupple of years until you have some experience .. then you may be ready to make consultancy in logistics or optimization of production/ managment.
  It seems that this drug can boost your short term memory. Test talk about an improvement of memory that is statistically significant.  Haven't found nothing about side effects (there should be some) even in Wikipedia somebody states that no side effects where reported    en.wikipedia/wiki/PRL       wikipedia  PRL    .  Here it is a testimony and what else I've found.     div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/Yww KGoXWbM?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= Yww KGoXWbM  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/Yww KGoXWbM/ .jpg');   /div  There are also some interesting links such as :     nootropicshacksprl    dosage    nootropicshacks   PRL    Dosage  Experience  Benefits and Memory     longecity/forum/topic/     prl    experiences/    longecity  PRL    Experiences   Supplements
  More you know the better it is. You have to know how to select a certain column or certain rows that have a determined value as attribute. You shoud know how to sort and group by.   If the database have foreign keys (so it is a complex one) then you should know how to join (left join  right join).   At the end you should also know how to write a the results of a query in a tsv or csv file. A good book you can try for this is also  Head first on SQL . They use MySQL in this book.
  Nope. It is a return type for methods . In this case void will return nothing.
 Fear of truth.
  Eclipse is the best for Java  C++ and C. For Python you have to use other IDE.
  A java developer solves problems and then translates these solutions into a series of abstract instructions (commonly called code) that a computer can understand and execute.   To be a java developer you have to learn some math and algebra first. It will help you to code better  . Then you have to dive into Java and hold your breath. It is a little bit difficoult at the beginning but then things get better. Pick a book for beginners such as  Head first on Java  or a code academy course and start. Good luck.
  Studing more and practising more. What to study ? For example OOP design patterns. You find a good guide on that in the book  Head first on Design Patterns .  Have a look and then implement those examples.   If you do not program in Java then you can find a similar book in Python or in whatever language you use. There are also many sites you can find that have interesting artticles on those topics
  Usually two countries that share borders are not in good relations but there are many exceptions to that . As    /profile/Dragi Raos  Dragi Raos  I would say Sweeden and Finland or Denmark and Germany or Norway and Iceland. In the Balkans you find Albania and Kosovo for example.
  NASA site and also ESA sites. For example :     nasa.gov/mission_pages/newhorizons/main/index.html    nasa.gov  New Horizons   or    blogs.esa.int/rosetta/   / 7/ /hello pluto/    esa.int  Hello  Pluto!
  If you like data analysis or data science have a look at this book here  Programming collective intelligence . You find there different examples of machine learning algorithms implemented in Python and applied to real world applications such as building recomendation systems or document classification systems.
  No way. It is doing great. Why it should collapse ? US produces almost everything it needs oil included  the export is doing good money  US is the most visited country in the world (some say France it is). US economy may face some crysis now and  then but it will not collapse at least in the next       year.  However we should consider what I read here:    businessinsidereverythings starting to crash     7?IR=T;utm_campaign=buffer;utm_content=buffer ca  ;utm_medium=social;utm_source=facebook     businessinsider   Everything's starting to crash It is more about global economical context so not as much about US. (except for the fracking part) It seems a little bit exagerated but not without foundation.
   ul  li Learn Java and SQL programming. It will take about   months if you commit and you can find a good job or work as a freelance. /li  /ul
   Yes he will  but I think no longer that a year. His partie is already divided and he will loose also the consensus he had from the people. I think at the end of   year there will be a government of national unity in Greece and Tsipras will not be the PM.
  Thinking in Java.
  No it is not as long as it is a conceptual pseudocode and not a very long piece of paper.
   The well educated greeks are going to work abroad (in UK for example) and very few remain in Greece. One of the reasons (maybe)  one of the main reasons of the crysis and also why Greece has such a low competitivity is also because its work force is not well trained.
  They use time series analysis for forcasting the demand. However to built a more accurate model you have to considerato more variables.
  I have read    amazonThe Google Story Googles Birthday/dp/     X    amazon   The Google Story: For Google's   th Birthday: David A. Vise:  7     : Amazon : Books and I recomend it to you.
 Can you be more precise of what you really mean ? Maybe some example.
  You can make a reccomandation system in Java. It will compare brans from users preferences and will cluster similar music by genre or by number of times played. The the system will reccomend to a user new music based on the knowledge it has from user history. For comparing existing brands with other brands you can use correlation coefficient for example Pearson coeficient.
    There are many factors:    mediterrian mentallity  political will    society tolerance   just to mention some
  As yourself if you could ask somebody else and then look in the mirror. You will undestand from how you look.
 Hi did his best. There was not much one could do.
   There will not be a domino effect as Greece is a small economy.
    No. Italy is another thing. Why ? Because Italy has a strong  industrial based economy and even Italy is growing very slow it is growing. Italian banks are solid and italian people have some savings. Even there is a big debt it is manly (more that  %)hold by italian people or italian companies. Italy has a problem with competitivity but it is not that big as Greece's competitivity problem.
  Use the Scanner class like this  &lt;code&gt; System.out.println( Enter your name:  );  Scanner scanner = new Scanner(   System.in    system.in  System.in );  String name = scanner.nextLine();  System.out.println( Your name is   + name); &lt;/code&gt;
   The referendum was completly useless and however there was no rational way to vote (yes or no). It simply shouldn't have been called. It was only time lost. I know that it was about democracy  but what is the point of calling a refrendum and then simply accepting everything from Europe? Accepting exactly what the referendum answerd no?
   No Greece is way too small for that. There are only countries like China or Japan or US or Germany that may influence the global economy in a considerable way. Greece will certainly influence the euro zone but however the earthquake effect will be small.
  It will be decided by evaluating the greek economy in genaral. As a forcast it will be  % off.
   Of course data analysis will require you to  code every day in languages as Java  Python or R. For data analysis you have also to know SQL and MySQL server IDE.  Also web development career will make you code everyday in languages as PHP  JSP  Javascript  and markup such as HTML  or CSS. If you become a software developer
   I think so. The Syriza's left wing in parlament will not vote what the europian leaders imposed to Tsipras so he will need to be backed by new /other parties. For example what remains of Pasok or Nea Demokratia.
    More that read I would say practice. Find some new and hot Python projects in Github and start giving your contribution.  There is also a nice book full of interesting examples implemented in Python that is called  Programming Collective Intelligence . You should consider that one as well.
 The money is given in name of solidarity. The truth is that euro will not be the same in terms of reliability if Greece leaves the eurozone. So they have to keep Greece in.
  You need to have first some good preparation in Math. Then you can use a good book such as :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Excel Formulas and Functions For Dummies   rd Edition
    I would use  Data science for Business     it ebooks.info/book/ 8 /    it ebooks.info  Data Science for Business or  Data science for dummies     it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Science For Dummies . I have read some chapters from both books and they are pretty good.
   Different types of applications such as web application and desktop applications. In the first case you can use JSP and in the second plain Java. For example you can built an application that is the interface of a database by using Swing. You can built games or make some fancy audio. Visualize data or analyse data. Have a look in github by searching projects in Java.
 I would say nordic countries are the least xenofobic ones. I have been living in Denmark for   months and should say that there I never experienced discrimination of any kind. I liked when danish people used to switch from danish to english to include you in the conversation.
 If you make some order with your code (in eclipse there are different keyboard short cuts such as ctrl+i) your code will not seem as shity as you think. And don't forget to  put some comments in it. It helps in readability.
 You can find plenty of resources online such as udemy or code accademy.
 I would start with SQL since it is somehow easier that java and it requires less time to learn.  It would be best however learn both of them as the integration between those tools is very powerfull.
  There is nothing wrong with that. Putting  childish  placards is an expression of democracy.
    Yes google works a lot on anticipatory thus predictive analysis.
   Learn coding in Java. You can learn always new ways of code and new capabilities of new Java libraries  it is exciting as you cab built powerfull things such as sw projects that interact with hardware  and you can use it practically to  find a good job and earn good money.
 If it is code (a web app for example ) put it on GitHub.
    Definetly start with Java. It will take time to learn Java so do not jump directly in Android development.. try to study instead how events and activities work in Android from a theoretical point of view. And remember that what you study(Android development) is not an easy task ..it takes time and patience.
  By making some fake friends.
   Nope  but it is better to have hope than die hopless.
  Greece had a financial crysis back in      that was bad managed by europian union leaders. Things got worse also because greek economy was not competitive and corruption and tax evasion did the rest. Greek oligarchs took their money abroad and greek banks had and still have a liquidity crysis.
   Yes  they decreased also in Italy during these years of crysis.
  No. But it can try to by explaining them better.
    PHP is a piece of cake. It is easy and used world wide.
  Germans as usuall : )
 7I think it depends from the project and its specifications.
   Yes  take some more cash with you just in case you need it. However there will not be any limitations of withdrawal for tourists at the ATMs.
   Companies use more proprietary sw platforms such as  SAS (Office)EXCEL Matlab  The trend is changing but it will take time.
   I'll answer with a question. What about  you spend some time thinking about important things and not things like  when my friend saw my message  ?
  Learn some algorithms like the ones for builting reccomendation systems or clustering algorithms. Also pca and mds methods can be valid data science methods.
   There are no advantages. Even the fact that they can have their own currency  in the long term is not a plus for a weak economy such as the greek one. In fact Greeks do not want to leave the euro zone. They just wanted to have better conditions on a new agreement. It seems that the sitauation just got worse and that there will be no new agreement.
   I think Greece will go out of eurozone or otherwise the other countries such as Portugal  Spain Ireland and Cyprus will protest if Greece will have different conditions from what those countries had.
  Try coursera data science specialization track. It is a complete learning experience and you learn the most important and fundamental parts of data science.
   Start with Python. It is easy to learn and Object Oriented.
  Not necessarly. But Javascript is among    most used programming languages so learning it as a second language can provide an advantage for career development.
 I started learning again something new every day and share my knowledge with others.
  Start with two simple loops that print a matrix. Try to follow the iteration in every step and repeat it until you have it clear in your mind.  Then increment a little bit the difficoulty and repeat what in the first sentence.  It is a type of ex. I like and belive that it stimulates your immagination.
   I guess YES.
  I use it to store information of any type as you can parametrize it with different types.  List&lt;String&gt;slist = new ArrayList&lt;String&gt;(); List&lt;double[]&gt;slist = new ArrayList&lt;double[]&gt;(); List&lt;MyObject&gt;slist = new ArrayList&lt;MyObject&gt;();  You can add the data with add() method and access to it using get().
   I have started with this guide here which uses the MySQL database server :    www .ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/sql/MySQL_HowTo.html    ntu.edu.sg  How to Install MySQL  (on Windows  Mac OS X  Ubuntu) and Get Started with SQL   I find it very easy to follow and there you find also examples on how to create db and tables  insert data and query the dbs.  You could try also  Head first on SQL  as it is for beginners.
  Becouse they have or pursue their dreams for example having their own companies and so on.
   Yes  it is. Tsipras prime minister told it explicitly to the greek people.
  There are many reasons and I'll mention here some of them.       there are reasons due to shallow or no understanding of the mathematics underlying the conceps of analysis.       the use of those tools is not self explanatory and the biggest part of the users does not have the skills for using those tools such as SQL knowledge .       Sometimes it takes time and patience for learning how to use tools like Microsoft SQL Server and SAS so also this time of investiment is a heavy one to handle and this could discourage the people.
    Data science is a wide and long field. So there are some main things you have to know. You have to know statistics (descriptive  inferential  bayesian) and that takes   years to go deep.  In the same time you have to learn programming in a general oop language such as Java but for data science is better R.  This will give you also the possibility to learn data structures and algorithms such as clustering  mds  pca  collaborative filtering and some more .. There is also a good investiment you can make that is SQL language. It hepls you with small datasets but it is also good for medium scale datasets until       million records.  It is very flexible and you can make every type of query to your data.  For large datasets though you have to know NoSQL however  such as MongoDB.  Once you have some good knowledge on what I mentioned above you can try to participate in projects in github for example.  Learning all these things will take some time but at the end there is some satisfaction.
      Participation in projects and or data challenges/ data camps of data science. Also if you have already some small projects you are working on you can illustrate some small results.  Certificates from online learning (coursera) data science courses could be a plus.  A summer school could be also a valid thing to do. I can recommend one I attended myself :    lipari.cs.unict.it/LipariSchool/ComplexSocialSystems/    unict.it  Lipari School on Computational Complex and Social Systems  Internships in data science companies can also have a considerable positive impact so you should put them also.  If you ever pubblished a paper then it can also be a good thing to bring in your CV.
  If the API rate limit is    requests per hour then you should do   request every  .  sek. I would put a clock among the lines of code so to delay the execution flow of  . sek every time.  Better explained lets say you have a client that queries the twitter API and then parses the result and writes it in a file.  You have to put the delay just after the line of code you use for writing the file. This way you will have a delay that will respect the API rate limit.  As far as I know there are no easy ways to by pass the API rate limit.
    Java!
    Since a data scientist have to know good programming you have to start with Java / Javascript anyway even for Data Science career so.. In case you can't make it for Data Science at least you will be a sw engineer.
    If you know R programming here you find a good example on how to generate the diagramm in R. Then you can save it as a pdf file and use it for every purpose.     stackoverflowquestions/       /graph flow chart of transition from states    stackoverflow   Graph flow chart of transition from states   In particular in R there is a package called diagram. With that it is possible to make any kind of flow or net/clique digram . By modifying properly the transition_matrix you can have a similar result with what you have designed.
   For example software architect job. For that you have to know good programming patterns and OOP design. Usually when you have    years of experience as a sw engineer you can pursue a sw architect role.
 Inferential statistics and mostly bayesian statistics.  But we cannot forget however the good old descriptive statistics which is used also for (EDA) Explorative Data Analysis.
    I very much liked this article in Business insider about    skills that are hard to learn but pay off with time.     uk.businessinsiderskills that pay off forever      ?r=US    businessinsider      skills that are hard to learn but pay off forever   Number    is the most important I guess.
    Agatha Christie's books  Harry Poter  Lord of Rings Arthur Connan Doyle's books and so on.
    You can find many start project in Java by looking in Github and take inspiration from there.
    Well  Industrial Engineering is a pretty interdisciplinary field. You have to know many things on many fields such as Informatics (database systems and programming languages)  Economics(cost accouting)  Statistics(hypothesis testing and sampling )  Logistics (Operations  Operations Reasearch) and many other fields.  However there is a unified framework  a kind of summary for industrial engineering that is supply chain study. There you find every fied that I mentioned before and the related applications. But an industrial engineer is  a valid employee also in the services sector (third sector) such as banks.  I have to say that one of the frequent problems (or advantages depending on your point of view) with I.E is that their knowledge is  inch deep and mile width  so they know a lot of things but just a little of every thing. So I belive (from an advantages point of view) that an i.e is the right man for team leading tasks and/or as a project coordinator .
    Also R has a strong community if you see the number of packages / libraries that exist for R. There are more packages for R then for SAS or Python and I feel that it is a good index of popularity /community the number of packages.   Also the open source ness is a good index if you want to know. So if a programming language/ tool is open source its community has better chances to grow and be a big one.    Then I would list Java  Python and so on.
   Dont know about books but those videos are great for learning how to improve your communication tecniques :     div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/eIho S ZahI?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= eIho S ZahI  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/eIho S ZahI/ .jpg');   /div    div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/HAnw  8huqA?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= HAnw  8huqA  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/HAnw  8huqA/ .jpg');   /div
  You learn in different ways and different things and prospectives from all the alternatives you mentioned so try to follow them all.
   Python  Java  SQL  R
  Just another programming language.
   Yes  there are many of them.  I'll list the categories with some example:   Banks : citibank Mobile Phone companies : Vodafone Insurance companies :   Zurich Insurance  There are also Suply chain managment companies and many other categories.
   Data science is the same whether you apply it for traffic data  health care data or IoT data.  Once that we are clear on that I liked very much the Coursera specialization track in data science which is one of the best. You learn to programm and analyse data in R  statistical inference and data products design.
  In Europe other that ISBN books have also a EAN number which is a barcode number in order to indentify in a unique manner the single copy. I guess  also outside of Europe a similar way is used to identify books univocally.
  Also lack of adequate infrastructure can be a big obstacle to tourism. India is lacking important infrastructures at the moment.
   MySQL is a great tool itself and also if you use it with a programming language as for example Java. I've been using it together with Java data structures to have the data stored and save RAM.   Of course its main functionality is that of querying the data after that you have carefully designed the database.   There are also many extensions for making spatial queries on geospatial or location data.   There is a limit in using MySQL if you have a big dataset .. lets say     million recods. It becomes terriblly slow when you make a query involving  group by  instructions. So for big datasets it is better to use a NoSQL such as MongoDB.
    Yes  at least at the beginning of your career there are many problems you face for the first time and you need to focus for many hours. In general all jobs/professions take more commitment at the beginning but this profession I think requires more.  Then when you are good and experienced in your job you can have some more relax but you have also to consider that there is always something more to learn and experiment and try and ... If you are curious then you will not notice the high working howers.
  Agatha Chrisities books I guess. Her book are also the most printed books in the world.
   Java is a general purpose language so it is also useful for Math. There is a nice and complete Math package in Java :    commons.apache/proper/commons math/    apache  Commons Math: The Apache Commons Mathematics Library  With it  it is possible to make different types of calculations from Statistics to linear Algebra and much more. Of course R is a much better language but you can opperate with Java as well as there are good Math libs as the one I mentioned.
  Try the app duolingo. I've been using it for learning German and I find it really cool
   You can find a huge dataset here :    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge/contest.html    telecomitalia   Contest | BigData Challenge  By registering yourself to the challenge you will have access to data. There are data from TIM (Telecom Italia Mobile) There are many types of data not only call data. The callenge is interesting also for this reason.
   Maybe you should focus on practising what you are learning and make something tangible.  Whatever you are learning  a good test for being sure your A's are valid is to apply your knowledge to some real world project.
  Feature extraction is a procedure used in machine learning to extract features from large data sets. These data are intended to be used for training algorithms for doing machine learning.  As many types of algorithms are trained by the output data of the feature extraction process then the answer is yes.
  If you what to know if you need programming(coding) skills to use Tableau the answer is no.  If you want to visualize data with R or Python then you need to know coding. So lets say tableau is a data analytics tool for non coders. More on Tableau: it is specialized in visualization techniques for exploring and analyzing relational databases and data cubes especially in Business Intelligence.  As many other analytic tools for BI you have a dashboard where you can see the results of the analysis you are conducting.   However you need to know good statistics if you want to visualize an historgam or a boxplot graph.
   Very important ! They have to make informed decisions and for this they use big data analytics. HERE some interesting links on how banks operate with big data :     forbessites/tomgroenfeldt/    /  / /banks use big data to understand customers across channels/    forbes   Banks Use Big Data To Understand Customers Across Channels     mckinseyinsights/business_technology/how_advanced_analytics_are_redefining_banking    mckinsey   How advanced analytics are redefining banking     americanbankerissues/  _  /how banks are using big data to set deposit rates     7    .html    americanbanker   How Banks Are Using Big Data to Set Deposit Rates     bankingtech 8  /unlocking the potential of big data/    bankingtech   Unlocking the potential of Big Data   In particular for investment banks you can read this :     euromoneyArticle/     /Investment banks pile into big data analytics.html    euromoney   Banking industry news ; analysis of international finance
   Thanks to design patterns. The structure is a set of patterns. Have a look at this book if you program in Java  Head first in design patterns . From there you can undestand many things in a higher level.
   If you have no basic SQL knowledge then you should start from there. It will take   months to learn SQL if you practice ever day. Then another   months for learning the database design or scheme as you call it. So one year in all for masteriing it all.
   You dont manage it  you let it flow. With this I mean that is ok feeling like this during the work but is also important you learn how to let it flow maybe by making a    min pause or organizing your work in    min sessions.  You can also go for a walk or if you can have a little nap of    min. It is the best for productivity and stress management.
    I'm Albanian but no body can explain this better than wikipedia :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Albanians    wikipedia  Albanians  Wikipedia is known to be pretty accurate on events and facts so I recommend it also for this characteristic.  At the same level of accuracy the Britannica is also a good candidate to read about the    www.britannicatopic/history of Albania    britannica   history of Albania
  Neruda poetry.
   There is a coursera course on how to learn on how to learn. Recursive learning : )   They give some interesting ideas there . Here you find the link    www.coursera/learn/learning how to learn/home/info    coursera  Page on coursera
  You can use a pen and some piece of paper for a start : ).  What I want to say is that you dont think on how to write it. You just write it the way it comes out from you mind and heart.
  I have been trying code accademy for javascript learning. I think it is come of the best. You learn step by step and develop a real application
   I like the coursera specialization track on data science. You learn a lot there.    www.coursera/    coursera  Page on coursera   About books I have read  Programing collective intelligence  which has a lot of data analysis algorithms implemented in Python.  I will try to keep updated this answer every now and then when I find something interesting about data science.
   This guy here is one :    /profile/Mattias Petter Johansson  Mattias Petter Johansson
     Yes  for example :   /i bitbucket  codeaccademy  codeschool.
    I find this coursera course on learning how to learn very nice to follow so I shared it with you:    www.coursera/learn/learning how to learn    coursera  Page on coursera   enjoy ; )
   Use less code and make the project much more understandable. And much more mantainable.
   I had to make the same choice and I learned Java and I would have choose Java again.
   I'm learning Java and R (I'm better in Java though)so I can say that is a good idea learning a new language beside one that you already master better.
   A piece of code that will be never executed because the logical condition for example will never permit the execution flow reach that point.
  I CS degree is more valuable in your position so I would go for that.
   There is  MIcrosoft Business Intelligence for dummies  which is a begnner book. I also like  Data Science for Business  which is not only about BI but also on Data Science applied to business.
    What  you have to look on a pc is not the brand but the processor  RAM and the disk. I would say a i processor and at least    GB of RAM. As you are going to work with big data then you will deal many times with dataset that are  GB or more.  For a dataset of  GB you have to have an  GB RAM. But the system will require also some RAM so I say that a    GB RAM is compulsory for big data tasks.  A very important thing is also the disk. If you are reading many data files or writing the results of a calculation in a txt or csv file then you need a fast disk for example SSD of at least     GB.  You can then use another disk (slower disk) for storing the biggest part of the information and data but the operations disk should be a SSD one.
     R and Java. You could use Python also.
    I would reccomend  Data science for business . In this book you find not only a non technical description of DS but also many use cases and stories on companies using data science in a strategic way.
    There is a good post about books on R where each book covers a specific task : as visualization  machine learning or simple data analysis.    algo data.quoraBooks on R programming for beginners Machine Learning and Data Science in R and Web Development with R  Books on R programming for beginners  Data Science in R and Web Development with R. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms  and DataFusion  In the same blog you find also   more R programming links  on R programming resources. If you are a beginner and dont have R installed try this link from codeschool of Oreilly :    tryr.codeschool    codeschool   Try R  It is interactive and quite easy to follow.
      I say for my experience  at the beginning you read a lot as you have to understand the state of art in your field.  Then you read progressively less until you go near the Thesis. Then you start reading again a lot.
      I would use the  for Dummies  series. That is  Statistics for dummies  and  Data science for Dummies .
   R programming is the best for that. You can not only manipulate TS but also visualize them. Here you find a nice lib I have been using :    cran.r project/web/packages/timeSeries/timeSeries.pdf    r project  Page on r project
      Javascript and HTML  I would say. Then you can also explore different libs in Javascript as Node  JQuery or Angular
      There is a kind of test in this site here that may help you in making a first impression:    analyticsvidhyalanding page data scientist/    analyticsvidhya   Should I become a data scientist?
     Maybe becaouse we dream. And books and movies are a traslation in a  tangible  thing of our dreams.
    Try this ones If you use R then those are the best:  Learning R for Geospatial Analysis   h   /h  and   h  Applied Spatial Data Analysis with R /h   Enjoy : )
     One of the methods to visualize text data is to cluster the text and visualize it. What you do is to count the frequency of each word and then based on that cluster the words.
     Yes unfortunally it takes about one year to learn good Java or Python. Those are OOP languages so you have better to start with one of those.  Also Javascript(thus Node) will take you a good six months time. PHP will take   year as well. In general you need   year to start having a good knowledge of a programming language. Then you speed up when you try to learn a secon language.
   I see SAS to be stable and R and Python growing (specially Python) growing very fast. This means that in the long run SAS will loose ground if they no not invent something.
    or   books are a minimum threshold.
       Scent of woman  Best actor Oscar for Al Pacino.  Cinderella man  Russell Crowe   Palace of dreams  Ismail Kadare  The signal and the noise  Nate Silver
      Yes. For tech books you can use :    it ebooks.info/    it ebooks.info  IT eBooks   Free Download   Big Library
   Its a term indicating that you are using more data that you need. There is an article about Microsoft reserach on limiting this problem by optimizing the traffic between your smartphone browser and the net:    theverge    /  /  /    8/microsoft data sense windows phone  announced    theverge   Microsoft's Data Sense for Windows Phone  looks to make data overages a thing of the past
  Without coding experience it is a little bit difficoult to make data visualization in R. You have to know at least some basics.
   For Big Data analytics I would use a NoSQL database such as MongoDB. However if you have to use MySQL you have to know that after   million records per table it is almost impossible to make a query that involves also a  group by  instruction.
  SW engineering of course even the knowledge you have in business will turn usefull during your career as a PhD
  Data science is a broad field. The algorithms you learn there can be applied in a lot of human activities not only business. Furthermore you learn a lot of statistics and machine learning so you need also a strong background on math and linear algebra. All the calculations and the visualization is done by using programming tools.  In BI you study data using only what you see is what you get methods and tools. The visualization is done in dashboards applications and is all there. You study and analyse only data from business to gain insight only on business aspects.
      I would say PHP and Javascript. You can learn here :    codecademylearn    codecademy   Learn
   Not saving enough.
  Great writer. He deserves a Nobel prize.
      There is a nice book for that by Goodrich Tamasia and others :    ww .java .datastructures.net/    datastructures.net  Data Structures and Algorithms in Java  and you find also a version in C++    cpp.datastructures.net/    datastructures.net  Data Structures and Algorithms in C++
    The analyticsvidhya blog has an interesting article about that:    analyticsvidhyalanding page data scientist/    analyticsvidhya   Should I become a data scientist?
    Here you find a nice app to find out :    analyticsvidhyablog/   /  /test fit data scientist/?utm_campaign=     ;utm_medium=Social;utm_source=FBPage    analyticsvidhya   Test your fit as a Data Scientist  The test is a little bit easier of what it is in the real world but it can give you an idea. Enjoy : )
   What about R ?!. There are also many packages for geospatial analysis in R.
    By    en.wikipedia/wiki/Genetic_engineering    wikipedia  Genetic engineering .
    If you use Java then try :  Java Network Programming . There is also a book in Python with the same name.
      Try  Head first on HTML and CSS  . It is a nice book to read and you learn a lot.
   Spring is the evolution of Java EE and by now it is the most used.
  7I dont know which one is harder (maybe VBA) but I tell you that the most used in the industry is Definetly SQL and that is the one I would learn first.
    I'm reading  Linked Data : a geographic perspective  of Glen Hart and Catherine Dolbear. It is a nice book on adding a geographic dimension to linked data.
     Try  Statistics for Dummies . Then you can also try  Head first data analysis .
    Try  Data Science for Dummies  . That gives you a good combination of stats and code.
    I tried  Learn Python the hard way  and it was very good book. As for Java I would try  The Well Grounded Java Developer  .
   For example you can compare the time it takes to make a query on a sql database with the time it takes to have the same result in a NoSQL db.
    For that you should use the APIs of twitter  Instagram etc. For the emails if you use gmail there is also an API of Google that helps you with that.  You should build a client (for example in Java) and query the REST API of one of the already mentioned social network services.
   By increasing your RAM capacity : )
     For that you need a strong OOP programming background. Once that you are ready on that you start to undestand how the different packages are related. There is a  head first  series book on programming patters and it is in Java. Maybe you should have a look at it.
   Try a book but if you feel a little boring with that then you should try online courses like coursera or codeacademy. There you learn in an interactive way and measure your learning. There are also many projects online in which you can participate once that you are / feel ready.
  8Try coursera specialization track on data science. It is the best for me.
    I would use collaborative filtering for making the recommendation part  just by correlating the courses taken and the job opportunities.  As for the text there should be classification tecniques (as for example clustering )that can give you a first start on how to mine the text data.
    I would try correlation and in particular Pearson coefficent. But be carefull. Correlation does not imply causation.
    As you are a pharmacist then I suggest you to try genetic engineering. Read this on wikiopedia to learn more :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Genetic_engineering    wikipedia  Genetic engineering
   By learning/testing a new algorithm every day. By studying statistics and modelling and puting it to practice. By studying new business cases and beahaviors from which you can derive patterns
    Learn something new every day  even if you think that you already know enough.
    You shuld learn above all how to query a database. So different ways of join (left join  right join etc..)   group by  and so on and so forth. This activity is also highly related with the design of databases as the queries will depend also on how you design a database.
   No. It is just different syntax.
    Updating yourself in programming is crucial for the carreer so I guess they retire.
      It is the process of back uping data.  Here you can find a more detailed answer :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Database_dump    wikipedia  Database dump
    It will take the time that it takes. If you go through the arguments  faster  you risk to not undestand in a deep way the math concepts. This will make you loose time in the future or even worse make you apply and interpret the results of your studies in a wrong way
     Python. For example Quora is writen in Python.
     It is not only important. It is fundamental. You have to undestand how the algorithms work to apply them to data and then interpret the results. The same thing applies to statistics.
    No it is not late. You just have to keep motivated and learn something new every day.
    If you mean math tools then what you have to learn for machine learning is inference statistics regression analyis and linear algebra. If you want to implement this math into machine learning algorithms then : take WEKA if you are a Java user.  Otherwise learn Python or R. For those two last programming languages there are many packages and libraries for machine learning.
   Yes. I recommend the  Programming for everybody  course on Python of Coursera :     www.coursera/course/pythonlearn    coursera  Page on coursera   You can also earn a certificate there
    R is great for that. Probably the best tool for data visualization. There are a big deal of packages you can use for visualizing data of any kind from descriptive statistics graphs to location data and maps.
    With nums.length you are indicating the length of the array. While in the second case you are trying to access the last element of the array.
     Data analysis.
   The question is not very clear. What do you mean by traffic ? Is that the traffic on a web site or the road traffic ?
    I think privacy of citizens is one of those  common myths .  Another one  is that governments fear to loose power of decision on important issues if they implement a smart government methodologhy.  Other excuse is that the technology is not ready to really help the citizens in improving their lifes in a substantial way.
  You need an i preocessor and at least    Gbit of RAM. An SSD hard disk can dramatically increment your performance intended as time to read and write data.
  Very important! It is just like knowing how to code when you want to be a software developer.... or more simply speaking it is like knowing how to communicate when you want to be a teacher.
   There is a good compendium from the German Federal Office for Information Security. I'll put here an introduction of it and at the bottom of the page there is the link from where you can download it:    As early as     Mark Weiser  the former Scientific Director of the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center  shaped the vision of Ubiquitous Computing as an omnipresent infrastructure for information and communication technologies (ICTs). His work on ubiquitous computing continues to define all technological and socio political considerations inherent to the field. According to Weiser  we can speak of ubiquitous computing once the following four criteria have been met: • Microcomputers are integrated into physical objects of any shape and displace services heretofore performed by desktop systems. • These embedded systems are characterised by their small size and by their near invisibility to the user. • Embedded microcomputers thus augment a physical object’s original use value with a new array of digital applications. • The ubiquitous availability of services lies at the centre of communication between device and application   not the device itself. This last point is what distinguishes ubiquitous computing from the familiar mobile networks of today. Ubiquitous computing is characterised by the omnipresent and mobile availability of services themselves  regardless of the target platform. Services will be tailored to the physical capacity of a specific device  whether a mobile telephone  PDA or other value added communications device. [Weis   ]  The goal is to meet the claim of “everything  always  everywhere  for data processing and transmission through the ubiquity of ICT systems. The following characteristics define this application paradigm : • Miniaturisation: ICT components are becoming smaller and more mobile. • Embedding: As ICT components are integrated into everyday objects  they transform them into smart objects. • Networking: ICT components are linked to each other and communicate generally via radio. They are therefore not part of a fixed environment or application  but are instead designed to form networks spontaneously. To prevent human attention from being overwhelmed  people are intentionally not integrated into many machine to machine interactions. • Ubiquity: While embedded ICT components are increasingly ubiquitous  they are at the same time increasingly less noticeable   or even invisible   to most people. Most components will interface with their surrounding environment in several ways but will not be visible.   u You can download this compendium from here :  /u       drive.googlefile/d/ Bx yoK aogTSRV pSDI S F ZjQ/view?usp=sharing    google   Percenta_eacc_pdf ( ).pdf
   A piece of code is a set of instructions in a high level language as for example Java or Python. In Java case the compiler will take the instructions and translate it in a low level code (usually assembler) in order for the computer to  understand  what to do.  For example you can play music in Java with a piece of code like this:  // open the sound file as a Java input stream String bipFile = /Users/al/DevDaily/Projects/MeditationApp/resources/   bip.au    bip.au  bip.au  ;      InputStream in = new FileInputStream(bipFile);       // create an audiostream from the inputstream     AudioStream audioStream = new AudioStream(in);       // play the audio clip with the audioplayer class     AudioPlayer.player.start(audioStream);  The compiler will translate those lines of code in a set of instructions in assembly language so the hardware of the computer (CPU and speakers) in this case the speakers will play the music.
  By analysing the data. Actually there is Computational Social Science that is kind of an intersection between the two fields
   Google recomends to follow this    google.co.in/about/careers/students/guide to technical development.html    google.co.in  Students   Guide to Technical Development   Google Careers
  I use PHP Javascript and JQuery. Other languages are JSP and ASP
  Cluster the text based on the frequency of the words and then classify it. This way you can find out how the news group by thematic arguments. Then I would visualize it as a map of countries where everytime a country is mentioned in the text also the shape of that country will be more or less colored in strong color.
  If you earned the promotion that means that you are good enough. What you should understand is that nobody is perfect for a certain position. We all make mistakes and learn from those mistakes. The important thing is that you dont loose the faith in yourself.
    pretty much the same as in other languages :  myList=[     ] then you can take an element by index  print myList[ ] it displays the value    or you can use one of the values and assign it a new value myList[ ]=
  The one that satisfies you mostra in terms of passion not money
  Try d  or any other javascript library.
  More ? They are already payed more.
   there is Watson from IBM which is worth to try.    ibmsmarterplanet/us/en/ibmwatson/    ibm   Say Hello to IBM Watson
  Not difficoult at all. There is only the concept of pointers that you miss in Java and the rest is almost the same. I say almost becouse there are some issues on how Java models the inheritance that is a little bit different from the way C does
   It came out as a result of the number of interconnections between people to people(social networks)  people to devices(smart phones  wearables) and devices to devices(computer networks and soon IoT). These interconnections generate continous streams of data that are very high in terms of Velocity  Variability and of course Volume. From here Big Data term was derived.
   There are many ways to get started. I would do it like this   read wikipedia article :    en.wikipedia/wiki/Data_visualization    wikipedia  Data visualization      and some related links  pick a book like this ones here :    flowingdatalearning/#book section    flowingdata   Learning to Visualize and Analyze Data     try yourself to make some first visualizations with R :    faculty.ucr.edu/~tgirke/HTML_Presentations/Manuals/Rgraphics/Rgraphics.pdf    ucr.edu  faculty.ucr.edu/~tgirke/H...
  There is still a pretty amount of articles to be added before you call it a HUGE thinking but for a start its ok. Good luck with it.
   The libraries of R that can help you with web development are shiny and ggvis. They generate interactive graphics that can be embeded in web pages. There is also knitr that may help you with that. Some usefull links are :     ggvis.rstudioggvis basics.html    rstudio   ggvis basics     yihui.name/knitr/    yihui.name  knitr: Elegant  flexible and fast dynamic report generation with R     shiny.rstudio    rstudio   Shiny
   Try Object oriented programming and programming patterns. It is better to know one language very good then know   different languages so so.
   For a lot of reasons. From gaining insights on the processes that the data rapresent to predictive analytics. For more read this :    observationbaltimoreblog/   /  /data mining%E % % why is it important/    observationbaltimore   Data Mining—Why is it Important?   Observation Baltimore
  Python is ok for data analytics but R is better for example for visualiazing the data.
   I have find some in this article. It might be interesting and bring something usefull to this stream :    www.linkedinpulse/predictive analytics saving     lives per year bernard marr?trk=hp feed article title    linkedin   Page on linkedin
  If you have previous experience with programming languages for example Java then it takes     months to learn it. Otherwise it will take one year or even more.
   By learning how to code  how to visualize data and above all by learning good statistics.
  Monster maybe ?!
  Through patterns. You learn new things like new ways of organizing code and making it work but you dont relearn to code. You learn even more of coding.
  There is no best tool. There are different tools for that and sometimes you have to learn two or three of them as they are complementary. For example Python is ok for data analysis but R is great for graphics. Java data structures are powerfull for data modelling and mining but you need also a database for example MySQL or a NoSQL db such as MongoDB. SO it is better to have a wide prospective and try to at least handle two programming languages and SQL skills.
   If you already feel comfortable with math then you should go for the master.
   Yess. There are plenty of resources on line like codeaccademy or codeschool.
   The challenges are basically three. Store but above all collect the data in an efficient and smart way(collect only the right data for example). Process and interpret it in a fast and reliable way. Act immediatly to benefit from the information you got in the previous step. The most difficout thing ? Make of the three phases a stable feedback loop.  This applyes in every field and also in image analytics.
    You can do anything. From web developing to music creation  from  from text mining to sentiment analysis from automation to artificial intelligence. You can even be smater by learning to code.
   You dont know. You find out after getting your hands dirty with it.
    Try WEKA. It is a Java library for machine learning and there are many examples in it. There are also many other libraries such as JSAT   JAVA ML or Mallet :     demnagb/java machine learning tools libraries cm      demnag   Java Machine Learning Tools ; Libraries
   I'll try to list some  Java : JFreeChart Javascript: d   highcharts  leaflet  heatmaps  processing and many others Python: igraph  matplotlib  bokeh R: gglpot  but also R has nice built in functions for visualizing data  However there is a great way of data visualizing that I prefere:   If you have some location data there is a cool and interactive way to visualize it using Google Earth.    By wrapping the data with KML tags it possible to write a kml file that you can then open in Google Earth.   You can put different geometry figures such as points (placemarks)  lines and polygons.   u It is also a powerful way of visualizing data as it allows you to relate it with the surrounding environment and understand better why something is how it is. /u
   Maybe. If quantum computers will be invented.  I find also this article on economist interesting even it is a little bit general and not only for IT professions:    economistnews/briefing/       previous technological innovation has always delivered more long run employment not less?fscn% Ffb% Fte% Fpe% Fed% Fonrushingwave    economist   The onrushing wave
   Is it an english word ?
      What you can earn from Quora is not money but credits and views and upvotes. All that means reputation. Thus you can built a reputation on Quora.   Now reputation is a good thing as long as you use it for a good purpose.  Moreover you can make some money on your reputation as long as it remains good and as long as you can use it to give to the people more than what they are paying for (or make them have this perception. Be carefull!).   For example Google has a reputation of saving you time (and money) by using its search engine. Google does all that by only  charging  you smart advertising that you don't even notice. It provides you a service  it gives you value and all this by using its reputation as the best search engine on the market. As a last thing if you are looking for fast and easy money then maybe you should look somewhere else.
   Maybe the one with the highest salary ? NO! Don't make that mistake. Try to understand the prospective of each job and which one fits best your needs and the way you are in terms of talent and mentallity. Listen to your gut.  And if it was for me .. I would choose the second one.
   You can take inspiration form different examples on web. I like this app :    www.adzuna.co.uk/    adzuna.co.uk  Jobs in London  the UK ; Beyond | Adzuna  Other that matching your cv with jobs available they offer also a nice evaluation of your cv in real money. So they tell you how much you could earn with a certain kind of cv. You can also use it to evaluate your LinkedIn profile.
    The first alternative will give you a more general view of the field and I hope for you that there is also a strong practical part of the course. Practical projects are very important for you to grow in this profession. Otherwise you will only know about it and not know how to do it.  If you choose the second option then you will get your hands dirt in projects and certainly you will learn a lot about tools and algorithms.  What I mean is that if you feel ok with the first part then make the second and if you feel that you have enough experience in data mining then make the master in BA
    Make a cheat sheet of formulas of Descriptive and/or Inferential  u Statistics.  /u  That will be usefull for the rest of your career.  It takes    minutes if you are good in stats otherwise you will learn that you still have to learn.  When you finish it then it will take you    sekonds to find the formula you want and will save you every time    minutes that instead would take to you to google and find it on internet.
   I think that    /profile/Hannah van der Deijl  Hannah van der Deijl  already explained very well predictive analytics. I just wanted to add an example to the conversation. Another thing we cannot predict is the weather. It is also because it is changing due to human factors. More on predition if you want a very good book try  The signal and the noise  of Nate Silver. That is a great book on predictive analytics.
    It will certainly kill Carousel  the service Dropbox created for specially for pictures. Other that that  I don't see much else.
   I've been reading some articles about Elon Musk. In this one here  at Huffington post :    huffingtonpostjonha revesencio/smart drugs secret of the_b_     .html    huffingtonpost   Smart Drugs: Secret of the World's Tech Billionaires? says that he never addresed this issue publically.  But there is another one that gave me the most of the impression I have about this man :    inccameron albert deitch/seven elon musk quotes.html    inc    Quotes That Help Explain Why Elon Musk Is Such a Hot Shot  In particular one of the quotes in which he says : “Optimism  pessimism  f*** that   we're going to make it happen. As God is my bloody witness  I’m hell bent on making it work.   I think Elon Musk relies only in his strong will and in his intution as an enterprenur instead of nootropic drugs . This is my opinion.
    I think WEKA is also used for doing machine learning in different industries. Here is an example    cs.waikato.ac.nz/~ml/publications/   /Garner  imlc .pdf    waikato.ac.nz  Page on waikato.ac.nz
   Try Coursera's specialization track on data science. With that you have courses from cleaning data and EDA to regression models and machine learning. There is also a very interesting course on reproducible research i.e on how to make reproducible reports of your work... and even a final course on data products. I have done two of the courses till now and find it a complete data science learning experience
    Try R. It is a usefull data analysis language but there are plenty of libraries for this language and you can use it almost anything.
     You dont need a PhD for that. What you need instead is good programming skills in R or Python  good understanding of datastructures and related algorithms. You need also a good knowledge of SQL and if you can learn also a NoSQL db such as MongoDB it is even better. Another essential thing you need is statistics and linear algebra. Start with descriptive statistics but learn also the inferential one.  If you miss this last skill it is totally useless knowing how to program.
   Try Gama simulator. It is open source  in Java and you can run it from eclipse simulation tools.
   Great question ! This is how I think about it.  First of all  never be satisfied with your self longer then   hour.  Learn new things everyday and every time you learn a new thing  think how you can use it in a new context.  Repeat what you already know and think of it as something to improve and connect with other knowledge.  And then again never say  I already know that .. be humble and always ask.. you can learn more than you can expect. It is incredible how much you learn even from repeating what you already know or using it in a different way or in a different context/project.  A crucial role in this plays the perseverance .. is a process to be repeated every day.
    I like to know how thing work and I like to make things work .. so thats why I became an engineer. I sometime blame myself and the moment I decided to become an engineer(sometimes it is really tough) but most of the time I'm happy with that.
    If you commit it takes about   year. I'm talking about Java in my case. If you learn Python maybe it takes less time. But the truth is that you have to keep up to date on every language you learn and this takes a lifetime.
  I would use knitr.
  Nobel laureate Math Genius   suffered mental illness  won against mental illness.
  Try to learn some math first and then try to implement those matyh concepts in programming/coding. You can start with javascript or python which are very easy languages. A good place to start is code academy or code school.
  I like the paper of Claudio Cioffi Revilla on CSS. There is a paragraph on future developments of CSS . I will bring here the setting of the paper:   ComputationalSocialSience is an instrument enabled field. Just like astronomy is enabled by the telescope and microbiologhy by microscope also CSS is enabled by the Computer.  In this context the  bigger areas of CSS are :   automated information extraction(data mining etc..) social simulation models (agent modelling etc.)   social network analysis (ties and nodes )  complexity modelling (statistical modelling etc..)  Geospatial analysis GIS (Geographic Ingormation Systems)  and socio GIS  As for the future there are two emmerging fields  :   data visualization   sonification (is the study behind audio interfaces just like SIRI)
   A data product is the production output from a statistical analysis. Data products automate complex analysis tasks or use technology to expand the utility of a data informed model  algorithm or inference. The coursera course  Developing data products  is a very good way to learn more about data products.
      Try Rserve. It is a server that will run the R code injected from Eclipse. Here you find more about it :    studytrailsR/RServe/RServe Introduction Installation.jsp    studytrails   RServe   Introduction and Installation
   Python is growing very fast but I dont think it will grow and surpass Java. It will stabilize at some point. This is due to the fact that Java has a much larger users base and is very well estabillished as a language.
   As for an online resource there is codeacademy which is great for javascript lessons and you learn by doing.   If you want a good book then try  Head First on Javascript  which is also a very good one for beginners.
     If you are comparing OOL then I think there should not be a big difference. Only if you are comparing a OOL with a Functional one then there should be some difference.
   It depends on the country you live on. Also a difference between those two fields is that OR is more an accademic research domain and the companies only develop it in some small extent. From a theoretic point of view it seems to me that OR is more about pure math and algebra (linear algebra) while PMS is more about statistics and simulation(what if analysis) and prediction of demand.  I would say thus that Production Managment Systems payes better.
    Java core lang library. Then OOP  java collections and net. This means you have to know thread programming also. Then you can move to JDBC and Swing.I think these are a must. JSP and or Spring are a plus.
    For datascience you have to know good math and statistics in particular. Descriptive statistics and inferential statistics  statistical modelling and statistical analysis in general.   Then I would focus in data structures and algorithms. In particular data mining algorithms like clustering and PCA  then machine learning algorithms as SVM and bayesian learning.   One more step is also database development and NoSQL databases in particular for example MongoDB.  The final but crucial step is data visualization and presentation of results.
    A PhD student is pretty good in his field but not a master. What I mean is that during a PhD program (at least one in computer science) you cannot learn everything in your field and you usally focus in a subfield that you like most. So maybe of that subfield you know everything. Just an example of this : CSS(Computational Social Science) has different subfields such as SNA(Social Network Analysis)  GIS(Geographic Information Systems) SS(Systems Simulation)..etc During a PhD you focus in one of of those or in an intersection of two maximum three areas but it takes a lifetime to learn everything in all fields.
   Not if in the meanwhile you have been working or have been engaged in a fruitful activity. Sometimes it is even normal to graduate late becouse thats the time you need to do it.
      Turn off your smartphone notifications and in general try to avoid activities that frantumate your attention. Make your working sections of       min and then take a pause of      min. The brain has to loose focus now and then  it is how it functions. But you have to organize this in your favor by organizing your activity. It is a little bit difficoult in the beginning but then you start to make a habit. .. a good habit in this case
   Great question !?
  7Data science for dummies or Data science with R. The first one is more theoretical and the second more practical I mean there are examples in R already implemented and functional
    You cannot make one without the other. I mean you start studying the book and then you implement the examples  then you go back to the book and then you go back to your computer to write more code. It is an interactive process. There are also plenty of resources on line for java programming. Consider those also during your learning process.
    Try Quandl . They provide some free financial data through their API
   What do you mean exactly?
    Statistics. R is about Statistics.. and of course programming like variables  assigments  conditions  loops and arrays.
   You have to know a little bit of everything and never enough of something. By definition a data scientist is someone that knows statistics but is not a statistician and knows programming but is not a developer.   Another thing is that you have to make predictions like forcasting demand or things like that.
    Mostly prediction methods that try to forcast the demand for example in the next   months. If the prediction is  good  (you never know until the next   months) then you move to decision trees and for that you need probabilities.    An important part is also bayesian probability i.e. conditional probability.  Another thing is market basket analysis that means association rules. It is about finding patterns in the sales for example beer and chips go together.  Finally text mining and sentiment analysis.
   Try SPSS for a start then if you can R programming
     Knitr I would say and the philosophy of reproducible report research. With knitr you can make your process of datamining reproducible and you have everything in one place data  code and text. So everytime you need to change a small thing you dont have to  change the whole project
   I would say location linked data. Giving to open data also a location dimension could be a nice idea.
  Difficoult question. I think there is a trade off between mastering one programming language and learning more languages in the same time. I think a good clue for what to do is the neccesity. If you need to learn a new language then do it. If it saves you time or make your skills more sharp then do it.  I've been using java for two years and in the last year I learnt R. With R it is much easier to process data and faster to visualize it. So I learnt R but I was also curious about it. I'm curious about Python also. I think curiosity is also a good trigger to decide to learn another language even without thinking about it.
    There are many. I'll try to list some :   here is a paper I like very much. It is called Earthquake shakes twitter users : Real time Event Detection by Social Sensors You can find it here :    ymatsuopapers/www    .pdf    ymatsuo   Page on ymatsuo   Another one could be this here about timelapse building with crowdsourced pictures from Flickr and Instagram:    wired   /  /crowdsourced timelapse/    wired   Scientists Tell Us How Your Old Pics Will Change Time lapse Photography | WIRED
    You have to distinguish between Python and Big data field as two differen thing  in terms of level of difficouty and time it takes . If you try to learn Python that will take you maybe   year and you will use it for web development or any other thing ...even for analysing Big data. It is as good choice as Python is one of the fastest growing programming languages. If you try to learn Big data with that you mean that you have to learn :   good statistics and math to interpret the results you have from those data. Many types of algorithms as kmeans or KNN for classifying the data and for that you need what follows in point   :  programming : Python or R or Java and related datastructures and algorithms like those I already mentioned.     visualization for trying to undestand something from those data.   related technologies such as MongoDB or Hadoop to handle the big streams of data you waant to process.  As you see by learning Big data is much more difficoult and takes more time .. maybe a lifetime.
   R. And the reason is that with R it is easier to make the visualization part of the data analysis. At least this is my opinion.
   Java Certificate from the site of Javaand Python programming certificate from coursera. But I would reccomend that instead of certificates you spend your time on existing projects by improving them. Infact the best way to improve yourself and learn is by looking to the code of someone else.
   There will be a Google open source project : )
   There will be a Google open source project : )
    They're not bad  it depends on how you use them. I find those instructions very usefull. Specially for the newbe programmer those instrauctions are essential.
    You can start a a computer science major  with little programming language knowledge but then you can not do without it so you have to learn good programming during the major.
     Start with your website. Built it with some nice functionalities and put some original content. Use JQuery as you are leaning Javascript for example. That would be a good starting point
   If you have good will and time you can do it.
     It seems to me that C# is pretty similar to Java as a sintax so I guess it will take some time for you to learn it. Say   month if you commit every day.
     I would use an HashSet instead. This way you will not have duplicates.
     I would try a book that is  Thinking in Java  of Bruce Enkel. For the beginners is the best.
     I fine that  Learn Python the hard way   is very good for python programming.
  As far as I knw there are no such mobile apps but I don't exclude it that there might be some.
    I would do it for algorithms implementation and data analysis. Java has a powerfull data structures API or collections API as they call it.
     I would try  Beginning R  of Wrox . There are many examples in simple summary statistics  hypothesis testing  creating graphs  regression among other things.
      public   private and protected are all access modifiers in java. For example a public field in a class is accessible to all the classes while private is only accessible from methods of that class. Instantiated means you have to make a reference for the object you want to use.  For example  MyObject m = new MyObject();
  Python is used mainly for   data analysis  web development    Quora itself is written in Python
  Try Head First on Java. That one is also very good book and easy to follow.
 Thinking of the latin word Quorum ?
 There are many things you can infere from location data.  If you know the address then you can infere the income (by trying to understand what type of area it is : high income people or low income people area ). By the call time you can infer their home houres and by exclusion their work houres.
  This guy here :    bjfogg    bjfogg   BJ Fogg's Website
 You are not crasy but there are plenty of PL already.  Try to learn and be proficent first in one of those and if you think there can be a better PL making things better like less code or less verbosity or more efficiency then you are welcome to offer you contribution to the world.
  It is a little bit difficoult. You have to have some more experience. Particpate in projects  make internships in meaninfull companies  make your own data project and so on.. after that is your experience that will talk for you.
  If you are looking for R programming then there is this one :    tryr.codeschool    codeschool   Try R
  I think so  but you have to be really good with it and have to know some Javascript and JQuery
 Of course it is. Fist thing first try to go deep with statistics. Learn descriptive stat and probabilites and all the math related to it. You will need that most.  Programming . Learn R by trying to implement what you have learned in the firs step. Then move to another language as Java or Python specially the datastructures (collections api in Java). Dont forget SQL.  Implement more algorithms you can and experiment those algorithms with different datasets wether small of big it is not very important. What matters is you undestand how the algorithm behave with a  certain instance. Then try to undestand the business context where you will work and apply what you have learn. Usually it is the hardest part but also the most interesting.  As a last thing you can go learning in a sequential way or mix everything in a parallel way . I think that the second is the best. You get a little bit confused at the beginning but then youspeed up. Good luck with data science : )
 I dont think you can escape from bad programming practices at the beginning. Its ok becouse when you learn you make mistakes. So you have to go through it. The important thing is you overcome the moment and start to learn things in the right way.
  Definetly the second option. But there is also to consider that nowdays a degree in CS has its valute. So if you can have a degree as well then do it.
  I think machines perform well for highly structured tasks for example driving.  But I belive they will never be capable of  understanding  human feelings for example make poetry or fall in love. Such things will always be a human prerogative
  I would do it like this :   pre class= prettyprint linenums prettyprinted  style=    ol class= linenums   li class= L   BufferedReader = new BufferedReader(new FileReader(newFile(file))); /li  li class= L   String line;  /li  li class= L         while((line = br.readLine())!= null){ /li  li class= L           // process lines if necessary /li  li class= L          }br.close(); /li  /ol  /pre
  try this : &lt;code&gt; int counter =  ;  // list containing movies as strings List&lt;String&gt;list = new ArrayList&lt;String&gt;(); list = loadMoviesOnList( inputfile ); // declare a new liist for your movies with the index / serial List&lt;String&gt;newlist = new ArrayList&lt;String&gt;();  for(int i =   ; i &lt; list.size(); i++){     counter++;    String movie_i = list.get(i);    String record = counter+ . +movie_i;    newlist.add(record); }  // then print the list with a PrintWriter // you can also use a HashMap or if you want  to have ordered indexes use //a TreeMap  &lt;/code&gt;  good luck
  String is an Object in Java .As in Java strings are immutable the JVM uses a unique instance for string literals with the same character sequence in order to improve efficiency and save memory.   But in this case s == s  is false as s  and s  are two different objects . s .equals(s ) is true as they have the same sequence of letters.  You also can use compareTo() method to compare two strings. For example  consider the following code: s  pareTo(s )  The method returns the value   if s  is equal to s   a value less than   if s  is lexicographically (Unicode ordering) less than s   and a value greater than   if s  is lexicographically greater than s  .
  Use PrintWriter like in this method here :    public static void print(String file  Set&lt;String&gt;set) throws Exception{ 		 	        PrintWriter out = new PrintWriter(new FileWriter(new File(file))); 		               for(String s: set){                        out.println(s);              }               out.close();  }
   Head first Java  is the best.  For python I would reccomend  Learn Python the hard way
  If you you want R lessons then try this one :    tryr.codeschool    codeschool   Try R   for Java I like this one here :    mkyong    mkyong   Java web development tutorials   the Java core part of it
 If you mean advanced in OOP then start with Head first on Design Patterns. I think is the best for OOP. But if by advanced in many other things then read Effective Java.
 Don't be ashamed of that. Keep learning even you think you started late.   I started at   and feel the same sometime. But I belive that if you keep learning new things every day and keep improving yourself in the things you already know then this is all what you need.  Belive in yourself and make more than the max ... even the best talent is nothing without commitment.
  That is a pretty hard task.   I was just thinking about this while on Quora. On my opinion the answer is by being more conscius that the attention (thus time) is the most precious  thing we have.   Specialy nowdays when technology is so pervasive. I think that with so many things interrupting you continously the ablity to concentrate will be considered soon a superpower.
  I would say Israel(home to many science based start ups) but there are also USA  Japan and Germany
 You'll have to learn backend  languages also. I suggest Java. One way ro another you will have to do with it. Dont be affraid of learning and commiting yourself in more.
 Data analysis. Learn to Develop data products. This domain will last for    years at least.
  You can find a Java implementation here :    codeprojectArticles/    /K Nearest Neighbor Algorithm Implementation and Ov    codeproject   K Nearest Neighbor Algorithm Implementation and Overview
 If you are a beginner then try  Data Science for Dummies. Then if you use R try  R for Data Science and if you use Python try Practical Data Science cookbook.
  There is a very interesting big data challenge comming soon. It starts in a couple of weeks. More info here :    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge/contest.html    telecomitalia   Contest | BigData Challenge
  There is a Big Data Callenge comming soon organized by Telecom Italia. In this dataset you can find every type of data form mobile to social from traffic to weather data.  More info here :    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge/contest.html    telecomitalia   Contest | BigData Challenge
  Mobile data collection is expensive. But there are plenty of mobile dataset released during data challenges.  One of those challenges is also :    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge/contest.html    telecomitalia   Contest | BigData Challenge Once that you subscribe there and participate to the contest you can have aggregated mobile data  and also social mobile data.
  Statistics .. probabilities as distribution of probabilities.
   The HashMap method to  add  is put instead.
   It depends of what you mean by  better .   If you mean speed then Java is better.   If you mean time to market for your application then Python is better.
   As a data analyst you should know how to filter  analyse and visualize data. Lets go through the steps you need for this three tasks:  If you a re a very beginner in programming I recommend you to start with foundations of programming    a)  the filter task   foundations of programming i.e. in Java to learn the types  flow control (evaluate  logical conditions  boolean algebra  learn about loops etc.. )  second step is to learn java.lang and java input output APIs. The first will permit you to process Strings (a fundamental data type in data analysis) and the second will enable you read and write files. That means read the data and write it once that you have transformed it.   learn some java net also. This is functional for querying the social services APIs when you need some data like location data or social network data  b)   Analyse     the analysis part requires you to learn about oop programming in Java. This will  give you the chance to model data as objects and analayse it in a very powerful way: sort  apply every type of algorithm etc. In particular there is a must set of algorithms you have to learn such as : clusteing (k means)  multidimensional scaling  collaborative filtering  PCA. There ary many libraries in java   interpret the results : it takes time and experience but onece that you learn visualization will be more easy   c) Visualization   For this task in Java I recommend JFreeChart. It is one of the best libraries for visualizing data. However if you have to comunicate the data on web then it is better to learn some javascript.   However for me it was like this:   Java was not enought to make data analysis: I had to learn R as well. Also R is great for data analysis. And a little bit of javascript as there are plenty of javascript libraries for making  cool and advanced visualization.   Good luck   have fun and enjoy.
   This is what you need:    data collection tools  . I mean like clients for querying social network APIs or for gathering news feeds. That means that you have to know a little bit of programming for example in R.   analysis tools  for finding insights to the data you gatherd in step  . That means also statistics and algorithms. You can do also some calculations in Excel but you always have to undestand very good math and statistics.     visualization tools  to show and communiate your results to other people.  In general there are two issues to consider :   it is difficoult  for a single person to have all these skills. Thats why a team with a programmer   designer and journalist is a critical mass for success.   you may do everything  by yourself like programming  visualize and communicate but you will not have professional results as you would as a team.
  Try fivethirtyeight of Nate Silver. There you find a very original way of investigation for data drive journalism.
 Without data you cannot make data journalism. That why it is called Data Driven Journalism.  So for example Rest APIs of social media are a wonderful almost real time datasource for making DDJ.   In general services that provide data are served as Rest APIs so learning how to code a wrapper to deal with Twitter API or Instagram API is fundamental.
  If you mean Data Driven Journalism then this is the site you need.    datadrivenjournalism.net/    datadrivenjournalism.net  Homepage | Data Driven Journalism   There you find tools  skills and guides you need to start with DDJ.  Personal advice : learn to code and visualize data in D  or R.  The   what you see is what you get tools  or Excel are not that good if you want to have professional results.
   Try  Javascript : the good parts  or          Head first Javascript  which is for a very beginner.  Good luck.
     The best way for me was to focus one API  at a time.  First java.lang that is the basic library. You learn about how to with primitive types  assignments  boolean logic  conditions  loops  and how to handle Strings and related methods in Java.  Once that you do that move to object oriented programming. Start with constructors  inheritance and encapsulation and composition.  But try to not forget anything from what you have already learnt in the firs part.  Then move to the next API i.e. Java Collections .  Learn about ArrayList  HashMaps  TreeMaps  Sets and LinkedLists. That is fundamental to handle data in an efficient way.  Next might be java time and date API or Swing.  However the important thing is that you make a piece at a time and when you are ready move to the next one.   A good book for me was Head first in Java. It explains things in a very funny way without missing to teach you the important things.    If you are looking to a quick way to learn java then you have to have experience with other programming languages so that you learn only the sintax and some  weird  java way of doing. Otherwise there is no quick way to learn Java unless... you are a genius.
  Try R graphics. Have been using R graphics two years now and I find R great.   You can event export graphics in .pdf files in order to integrate them easily in scientific papers.  The graphics are clear and with a good definition and once you print the paper the readabillity remains good.
   Ther is a nice example of multidimensional scaling applied to real data in  Programming Collective Intelligence  of Toby Segaran book  chapter  .   You even have the multidimensional scaling implementation in Pythonin this book.
     In  Programming Collective Intelligence  book from Toby Segaran  chapter   you find a nice example on how to apply multidimensional scaling to real world examples. There is the Python implementation as well.
     Try this small course from oreilly here :     tryr.codeschool    codeschool   Try R .It gives you a first impression of R and how easy it is.  Then I reccomend coursera course Programming in R. It is the best for me.
   Try infogram.    infogr.am    infogr.am  Create online charts ; infographics | infogr.am   It is very easy to use it and there is a fremium account. I have tested it and it is quite good actually.   Here a test of mine. It is in Italian and is not finished yet:    infogr.am/timeline della crisi in italia    infogr.am  Timeline della crisi in italia   Infogram  charts ; infographics   Another way to do that is easely     easel.ly/    easel.ly  create and share visual ideas online  . It has a fremium more and a pay version for more features.
    I would use leaflet.js on mobile applications. It is light weight and fast.
    I think data scientist. It is the most hot job for now and once you are ready you will have the advantage.
    It seems that a year ago the value was   million according to this    techcrunch   /  /  /quora forever/    techcrunch   Quora Wants To Stay Independent  Raises $ M Series C From Tiger Global At ~$ M Valuation   I belive now the value is above   billion. The number of users is rising fast and if they remain independent as the article says then the value will go up.
    //It is very easy just like that:    List&lt;String&gt;list = new ArrayList&lt;String&gt;(); list.add( hey ); list.add( there ); list.add( enjoy the list );  for(int i =  ; i &lt; list.size(); i++){    System.out.printline(list.get(i)); } // you shuld get :   // hey  // there  // enjoy the list
     //You first declare it. Say you want a list of strings but you can have a list //parametrized with every thing in it (other types but not primitive ones):    List&lt;String&gt; list = new ArrayList();  //then you can use the add method to add strings in it like this :   list.add( hi ); list.add( there );  // you can iterate and have the elements  for(int i =  ; i &lt; list.size(); i++){     System.out.printline(list.get(i)); } //You will get as output:  //hi //there  /*good luck*/
   Data scientist is one of them. A data science guy analyses data for big companies in order to boost profits by optimizing the operations and make them more competitive. Also a data scientist can develop new data products so it is a highly innovative  profession.
 One of the most booming jobs is data scientist.  So try to learn R of Python for data analysis. This kind of profession will last many years in the industrial panorama.  Web development will be there for a lot of time: PHP is a piece of cake for that.
   You can update like this if you are reading data form a dataset :    pre class= prettyprint linenums prettyprinted  style=    ol class= linenums   li class= L   for(String s : count.keySet()){ /li  li class= L         Integer i = count.get(s); /li  li class= L           if(i == null){ /li  li class= L               count.put(s   ) /li  li class= L            } /li  li class= L            else { /li  li class= L              count.put(s  i+ ); /li  li class= L           } /li  li class= L  } /li  /ol  /pre  This way you can generalize better and update the value.
     Here are some of the most used distributions with real world examples :    Uniform distr .: Used to distribute probability equally over all possible outcomes (discrete) or equal ranges of outcomes (continuous)  this distribution is especially useful in virtual experiments or simulations to explore real‐world phenomena.   Binomial distr:  Model the number of successes that can occur in a certain number of attempts when only two outcomes are possible ( heads‐or‐tails coin‐flip  for example).    Poisson distr.  The Poisson (discrete) and exponential (continuous) distributions complement one another. Say that there is a cross road in your area that has a lot of accidents. A Poisson distribution answers the question  “What is the probability that such‐and‐such number of accidents will occur there within a month?  And an exponential distribution answers the question  “What is the probability that the time until the next accident is such‐and‐such length of time?    Normal distr .  The bell curve . These distributions model phenomena that tend toward some most likely value (the top of the bell in the bell curve) with values at the two extremes becoming less likely.    Gama distribution  for predicting time to failure of a machinery or device in an industrial context.
    You can use p.b  to model and predict the outcomes of your system.  The most popular p.d and specific view of each :    Uniform distr .: Used to distribute probability equally over all possible outcomes (discrete) or equal ranges of outcomes (continuous)  this distribution is especially useful in virtual experiments or simulations to explore real‐world phenomena.   Binomial distr:  Model the number of successes that can occur in a certain number of attempts when only two outcomes are possible ( heads‐or‐tails coin‐flip  for example).    Poisson distr.  The Poisson (discrete) and exponential (continuous) distributions complement one another. Say that there is a cross road in your area that has a lot of accidents. A Poisson distribution answers the question  “What is the probability that such‐and‐such number of accidents will occur there within a month?  And an exponential distribution answers the question  “What is the probability that the time until the next accident is such‐and‐such length of time?    Normal distr .  The bell curve . These distributions model phenomena that tend toward some most likely value (the top of the bell in the bell curve) with values at the two extremes becoming less likely.
  This is not from experiment but there you find a lot of different data sources :    dandelion.eu/datamine/open big data/    dandelion.eu  Open Big Data | dandelion
 Try Quandl API. They have plenty of recent and historical financial data.
     dandelion.eu/datamine/open big data/    dandelion.eu  Open Big Data | dandelion   . It was organized by Telecom Italia Here you find not only free samples but a very large dataset containing every type of city life sensors from aggregated mobile activity to social network data  from news to weather data and polution data.  Moreover about this type of dataset  Telecom Italia is repeating the Big Data Challenge in    .  It starts in    days. Here is the info :    telecomitaliatit/it/bigdatachallenge/contest.html    telecomitalia   Contest | BigData Challenge   If you want mobile data from different countries then consider using Twitter  for harvesting location data. Or any other social network APIs for collecting yourself some data. It is a long process and it needs your commitment but  it can be done.
  Try this one :    it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Object Oriented JavaScript  or this one :    it ebooks.info/book/  /    it ebooks.info  Learning JavaScript Design Patterns
  R makes very nice graphics for scientific papers. It is usefull for a lot of things but that was for me  at least at the begining.   Then I discoverd how easy was to elaborate data and so I continued with a good book that was  R in Action . Going through the chapters you undestand that R is the least verbose programming language and this saves you a lot of time in typing and debugging.   After that a coursera course was the next step. Try Programing in R  it is the best.
     There are many places and some are already listed in the previous answers but I recommend Linkedin for a personal experience. By following and connecting with the right people I was contacted by a Facebook Ireland recruiter in Linkedin for a data analysis position.   In the same way there are also many  right people  to follow in Twitter that may contact you.   You might apply also in openings that are published in companies websites but usually it is not you that contact them but they that contact you.
  Microsoft Dynamics AX.
  I think the best answer you find it in the book  The enterpreneurial state  . It states that if we have touch screen technologhy and solar panels and GPS it is basically becouse the state has invested a lot in scientific research and then enterprenours belived in those projects and invested but only after the state had opened the way.
    The hardest moment thus the hardes part I think is when you spend a lot of time and effort doing research on something that maybe will not be of any value at least immediatly. But in the same time you have to demostrate the value of your research. It is kind of disappointing. You have to have a lot of faith to overcome that part of PhD.
   I think this one here : it uses one of the embeded datasets of R.  Orange$Tree &lt;  as.numeric(Orange$Tree) ntrees &lt;  max(Orange$Tree) xrange &lt;  range(Orange$age) yrange &lt;  range(Orange$circumference) plot(xrange  yrange  type= n   xlab= Age (days)   ylab= Circumference (mm)  ) colors &lt;  rainbow(ntrees) linetype &lt;  c( :ntrees) plotchar &lt;  seq(  +ntrees   ) for (i in  :ntrees) { tree &lt;  subset(Orange  Tree==i) lines(tree$age  tree$circumference  type=  lwd=   lty=linetype[i]  col=colors[i]  pch=plotchar[i] ) } title( Tree Growth    example of line plot ) legend(xrange[ ]  yrange[ ]   :ntrees  cex= .  col=colors  pch=plotchar  lty=linetype  title= Tree  )
   There are these main  differences between BI and data science  I guess:   Data sources :  while the BI analyst uses only structured data from internal database the data scientist may use internal and external unstructured dataset such as text from tweets.    Technology: BI will use relational databases data warehouses and OLAP the data scientist will use Hadoop  MapReduce and so on..     Comunication of results : the BI guy will use reports but the data scientist most of the time uses slides to present the results better to managers that may not quite understand what he is talking about.    Skills and expertise : BI relies heavily in IT while the data science more on statistics and math
   Definetly javascript. There are many libraries  you can use  but the ones I dont see in the previous answers are :   google charts   highcharts       leaflet  and    dygraph.
  Try with data from Quandl. Their API is very easy to query.
   Try t is book here :  /i    ww .java .datastructures.net/textbook/index.html    datastructures.net   Detailed Contents of Data Structures and Algorithms in Java /i    In chapter  section . .  you find the collision handling schemes.
    I use the DescriptiveStatistics one. It is very usefull for statistics summary and have many methods.
  There are different ways you can use a loop in Java Once that you declare a list then :  List&lt;String&gt;list = new ArrayList&lt;String&gt;();  this is the first way for(int i =  ; i &lt; list.size(); i++){   System.out.printline(list.get(i)) }  and this is the short form  for(String s : list){ System.out.printline(s); } Another way is by using an Iterator.
 7By definition a data scientist is somebody who knows enough statistics but is not a statistician and knows enough coding but is a programmer.   Sometimes this is not enough. Specially in big companies there is need to have both the specialists statisticians and coders or sw engineers in order to have a critical mass.
   From my reading in Data Science for Business:  One fundamental principle of data science is  data  and the capability to extract useful knowledge from data  should be regarded as key strategic assets   . Too many businesses regard data analytics as pertaining mainly to realizing value from some existing data  and often without careful regard to whether the business has the appropriate analytical talent. Viewing these as assets allows us to think explicitly about the extent to which one should invest in them. Often  we don’t have exactly the right data to best make decisions and/or the right talent to best support making decisions from the data. Further  thinking of these as assets should lead us to the realization that they are complementary. I will illustrate this with an example.  In the    s  data science had transformed the business of consumer credit. Modeling the probability of default had changed the industry from personal assessment of the likelihood of default to strategies of massive scale and market share  which brought along concomitant economies of scale.   It may seem strange now  but at the time  credit cards essentially had uniform pricing  for two reasons: ( ) the companies did not have adequate information systems to deal with differential pricing at massive scale  and ( ) bank management believed customers would not stand for price discrimination.  Around       two strategic visionaries (Richard Fairbanks and Nigel Morris) realized that information technology was powerful enough that they could do more sophisticated predictive modeling and offer different terms (nowadays: pricing  credit limits  low initial rate balance transfers  cash back  loyalty points  and so on).   These two men had no success persuading the big banks to take them on as consultants and let them try.  Finally  after running out of big banks  they succeeded in garnering the interest of a small regional Virginia bank: Signet Bank. Signet Bank’s management was convinced that modeling profitability  not just default probability  was the right strategy. They knew that a small proportion of customers actually account for more than  % of a bank’s profit from credit card operations (because the rest are break even or money losing). If they could model profitability  they could make better offers to the best customers and “skim the cream  of the big banks’ clientele.  But Signet Bank had one really big problem in implementing this strategy. They did not have the appropriate data to model profitability with the goal of offering different terms to different customers. No one did. Since banks were offering credit with a specific set of terms and a specific default model  they had the data to model profitability ( ) for the terms they actually have offered in the past  and ( ) for the sort of customer who was actually offered credit (that is  those who were deemed worthy of credit by the existing model).  What could Signet Bank do? They brought into play a fundamental strategy of data science: acquire the necessary data at a cost. Once we view data as a business asset  we should think about whether and how much we are willing to invest. In Signet’s case  data could be generated on the profitability of customers given different credit terms by conducting experiments. Different terms were offered at random to different customers.  This may seem foolish outside the context of data analytic thinking: you’re likely to lose money! This is true. In this case  losses are the cost of data acquisition. The dataanalytic thinker needs to consider whether she expects the data to have sufficient value to justify the investment.  So what happened with Signet Bank? As you might expect  when Signet began randomly offering terms to customers for data acquisition  the number of bad accounts soared. Signet went from an industry leading “charge off   rate ( . % of balances went unpaid) to almost  % charge offs. Losses continued for a few years while the data scientists worked to build predictive models from the data  evaluate them  and deploy them to improve profit. Because the firm viewed these losses as investments in data  they persisted despite complaints from stakeholders.   Eventually  Signet’s credit card operation turned around and became so profitable that it was spun off to separate it from the bank’s other operations  which now were overshadowing the consumer credit success.  Fairbanks and Morris became Chairman and CEO and President and COO  and proceeded to apply data science principles throughout the business—not just customer acquisition but retention as well. When a customer calls looking for a better offer  datadriven models calculate the potential profitability of various possible actions (different offers  including sticking with the status quo)  and the customer service representative’s computer presents the best offers to make.  In general it is true that :   Studies giving clear quantitative demonstrations of the value of a data asset are hard to find  primarily because firms are hesitant to divulge results of strategic value.  One exception is a study by Martens and Provost (   ) assessing whether data on the specific transactions of a bank’s consumers can improve models for deciding what product offers to make.   The bank built models from data to decide whom to target with offers for different products. The investigation examined a number of different types of data and their effects on predictive performance. Sociodemographic data provide a substantial ability to model the sort of consumers that are more likely to purchase one product or another.  However  sociodemographic data only go so far; after a certain volume of data  no additional advantage is conferred. In contrast  detailed data on customers’ individual (anonymized) transactions improve performance substantially over just using sociodemographic data.   The relationship is clear and striking and—significantly  for the point here—the predictive performance continues to improve as more data are used  increasing throughout the range investigated by Martens and Provost with no sign of abating. This has an important implication: banks with bigger data assets may have an important strategic advantage over their smaller competitors. If these trends generalize  and the banks are able to apply sophisticated analytics  banks with bigger data assets should be better able to identify the best customers for individual products.   The net result will be either increased adoption of the bank’s products  decreased cost of customer acquisition  or both.
   As everybody else already told you where to find certificates given by institutions like coursera I say that the best certificate you should get is the one you give to yourself by making projects.   So try to make a small project that does something or make an open data visualization that tells a story or try some algorithms (collaborative filtering for example) on a large dataset and find something interesting from it.   Doesnt mater how small the project is : the important thing is that it does something interesting that to the best of your knowledge nobody have tried before.  Share your project in github and fork other projects as well. At the end it is always like that ....your work is the best certificate you can get.
   You should change the for loops. I see you are using the short form. You can use the long for and start the index var  from   instead. For example  First assign to a variable x the value of the seq() function like this:  x &lt;  seq(nrow(data )  )) and then iterate on length(x) like this :  for (var  in   : length(x) ){  #cosine similarity metric calculus   }  This way you can skip the first column which is the use ID.   Good luck with collaborative filtering. I've been using Pearson coefficent as a similarity measure.
  R is the best. There are plenty of libraries specially for Twitter or Quandl API querying and the graphics is very nice.
   Take some time to create experience with all those algorithms from clustrering to collaborative filtering   KNN and PCA  regression etc... Try to understand the business context where those algorithms can be applied and read some business books about it. Then maybe you will be ready ... On the other hand one might think you are never ready but if you never try you will never know. So trust your gut and it will tell you when you can apply.
  I've been using Java and it is OK. It's datastructures API is very powerfull and there are plenty of libraries for almost anything. But maybe Java is not the best p.l. for data analysis. If you can learn R then it is the best thing to do.
   This one here :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  There you can find mobile data  social data  news   traffic  weather  even electricity consumption all geo located data.
    I have been using this data set here for my project:    grouplens/datasets/movielens/    grouplens  MovieLens  It is about movie ratings. There you can find datasets with up to    million ratings applied to   movies by     users.
   For that kind of analysis you have to consider three dimensions. That is longitude  latitude and time if you have data varying in an interval of time.  If the data you have is about entities moving in time that means in a certain moment you have points while in a certain interval considered you have lines.  If you study the time series that you should find out how the data vary in time. Starting by these considerations you can visualize the information. In particular you can use clustering algorithms in order to find out if the data is concentrated in some points of your space in a given moment.   Another aggregated representation is by using a grid. You can aggregate the data points that belong to the same cell of the grid for a give time interval and then you can use this value for visualizing the  activity  of that cell.  A good book about gep spatial analysis is this one :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Learning R for Geospatial Analysis   Enjoy : )
  If I was you I would focus on business decisions. In particular how to meet business ideas with data science ideas. As you are already a data scientist I recommend to focus on business ideas.  You could read a book but I think the most valuable thing is experience. Spend time with product managers and ask questions to them about how business decisions are made or even what they would do if ...  If you would consider the book then there is one that might be of your case :    it ebooks.info/book/ 8 /    it ebooks.info  Data Science for Business  Good luck
   From my experience there are these ones downloadable for free :      it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Mining and Business Analytics with R  and you have to know R for using it.      it ebooks.info/book/ 8 /    it ebooks.info  Data Science for Business  Great book on how to use data science for business. In particular it explains how to use a specific algorithm for a certain business analytics problem.       it ebooks.info/book/    /    it ebooks.info  Data Science For Dummies  there is a good part of it on data driven business decisions.
    Try  Thinking in Java  of Bruce Enkel. That one is also very good book.
   I'll bring here an example I've read in a data science book.   A Telecomunications company was loosing many of its customers or as they call it   having a big customer churn .   As acquiring new customers is far more expensive that retaining the existing ones the company was very concerned with this problem. So they hired a data scientist to discover why.  What this guy did was to analyse the records of the customers that had switched to other companies in the last year. He found that:   Eighty four percent of customers who left had placed two or more calls into its help desk in the nine months before switching providers. Sixty percent of customers who switched showed drastic usage drops in the six months prior to switching.   Forty four percent of customers who switched had made at least one complaint in the six months prior to switching. (The data showed significant overlap between these customers and those who had called into the help desk  Based on these results the data scientist  fitted a logistic regression model to the historical data in order to identify the customers who were most likely to churn. This way the company was able to identify and direct retention efforts at the customers that they were most likely to lose and by identify sources of dissatisfaction. The company addopted churn analysis as a process and this way they've seen dramatic decrase in customer churn rates.
  I usually insert some printlines to delay it but you can also use Thread to make it wait a certain quantity of time. For example if you want a delay of    milisekonds that is   sek then you can use :  Thread.sleep(  L); where L stands for Long which is the data type.
   Try to think first about the problem. Write it down and break it in small steps so that you can figure out what you need. It shouldn't be a complex problem. An easy one is ok. For example if you want to parse a file you first have to open an input stream iterate through the lines  split each line and so on. repeat this until you have understod every step. try to remember the syntax even this is not very important but if you want to write your code you should remember some. Then move to a different problem and repeat this steps. This way you will know what programming construct you need for each step and once you know how to write it you are done. But never stop .. always exercice.. every day.
   Start with something simple as descriptive statistics or linear algebra:  Always take notes on most important things and key points as you will not remember all the formulas.   Make a kind of cheat sheet with all the formulas and have it always on hold. It will help you make the links between the different issues and build a path in your head. Once that you know the path you can reach the formula.  Every time you learn a math formula try to implement it directly in your programming language with a small data instance .. this way you have an immediate demostration of the results it yields.   Most important thing .. keep going. You should every day for at least   year repeat all what you have learn till this point in order to memorize better the math concepts. It is never enought. My prof used to say :  Mathematics ... if you leave her she leaves you .
   that  beer is sold with chips  is an association rule
    I think : k means  hartigans clustering and hierarchical clustering. Spectral clustering also could be an option.
    You can use readLines() function. Put a counter to count the lines and once that you have enough as a subset then you can print it out.
  Not all people can do it in their first tentative to pass the examination. But if you have some grit then you can do it in. From my experince I kept going as with my programming activity (in particular OOP) as I became more and more aware of how object relate with each other forming patters. Once that you understand and learn that things get easer. A good thing is to practice every day. Even if you program and repeate things you already know you learn anyway. I think this phrase says it all : more you learn and more you understand and more you learn..
     Multidimensional scaling. You find the description in this link of wikipedia :     en.wikipedia/wiki/Multidimensional_scaling    wikipedia  Multidimensional scaling and a python implementation in this book :     it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Programming Collective Intelligence .
     Learning how to code will open you a big world. It is not only about the skill itself and the fact that you will find a good job  it is most about mentality and attitude you get when you program. It is important for your future but it is also very important for the present. So pick a language Java for example and never give up. If you want some testimonials then read this    motherboard.viceread/an analysis of barack obamas first line of javascript    vice   An Analysis of Barack Obama’s First Line of JavaScript . Even president Obama is concernd about it : )
    I'll try to list two :    JAVA definetly becouse it is versatile  it is pervasive and it is powerfull. It is web oriented and Android is writen in Java and apps in Andoid as well. There are a lot of libraries for making almost anything. Java is a little bit difficoult at the begining but after that it pays off.   R. It is a programming language for data analysis and statistics. You can make data science with it in a very easy way. Data science is among top emmergent fields and there is huge need for statisticians that nkow how to program. In R also there are plenty of libraries for different tasks.
    As you are a beginner try this one :    it ebooks.info/book/ 8 /    it ebooks.info  Head First C#   rd Edition from the HeadFirst series. It is the best for starting up.
  Try this one :    tweettracker.fulton.asu.edu/tda/    asu.edu  tweettracker.fulton.asu.e...  you have code  book and guide all for free.  With it  it is possible to query twitter api for every kind of data from location data to relationships between users.
    There are also generics  enumerations and anotations. In Java  there is a struggle towards functional programming thats why of lambda expressions.
   Not necessarly .. but if you are good in math then thats a plus.
    If you like data visualization then there is JFreeChart library. With that you can visualize graphics of any kind.   You may want to take some data from instagram and there is  jinstagram a wraper for instagram API in Java.  If you want to scrap the web there is jsoup a library for web scrapping.  If you like text processing there are many libraries to make nice things like recognizing the language of the text or sentiment analysis.   Maybe you like to process sound .Also for sound processing there are some nice libraries.
   Try  h  RESTful Java with JAX RS. /h   You can download it from here for free :    it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  RESTful Java with JAX RS
   Check the stuff of my english teacher  in particular  english for research  section.    adrianwallwork.wordpress    wordpress   adrianwallwork.wordpress...  There are also tips on how to present your work like for conference presentations when you have to make ppt slides
   If you are looking for mobility data there is the Telecom Italia Bigdata challenge dataset. You can find it here :    theodi.fbk.eu/openbigdata/    fbk.eu  Open Data Institute   node Trento  Its about     GB of data and there are  different typologies of datasets from city life.  Another dataset of mobility data type is the Data  Development released by Orange a french operator. In      they released  Call description records about Ivory coast and in     CDR data of Senegal.  Info about the challenge can be found here :    d d.orangeen/home  d d.orangeen/home  A new challenge organized by American Society of Statistics can be found here :    stattrak.amstat/   /  /  /datachallengejsm/    amstat  Support the Data Challenge at JSM      If you want some more datasets of any kind from pollution data to social network data then check this post here :    algo data.quoraData sets of any type some links  Data sets of any type: some links. by Alket Cecaj on Algorithms and Data Fusion  The post is updated regularly as I find new data sets such as the Panama Papers dataset.
    For a beginner  I would recommend the “Head First in Java  book and as an online resource you should check this compendium of theory and exercises :     www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/java/J a_Introduction.html    ntu.edu.sg  Introduction to Java Programming  Also for beginners the MIT course is a great one. You can find it here :     ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical engineering and computer science/    introduction to programming in java january iap     /    mit.edu  Introduction to Programming in Java   For an intermediate programmer  the border between beginner and advanced is a bit blurring. My advice is to exercise a lot as you never know enough.  Sometimes even the simplest exercices can be a challenge. Keep in mind this graphic :    qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main qimg be8ab  ed    ecdb dad d bceffdb .webp   Often an intermediate programmer finds himself in the valley of despair : ) Just keep going and rememethat you never know enough.     In particular for advanced programming  try :  I would recommend from my experience:     www.javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Programming  Learn Java Online with the Java Code Geeks  They have any type of courses and guides such as :  ul  li    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FJVM_Troubleshooting_Guide.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JVM Troubleshooting Guide;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JVM Troubleshooting Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FJPA_Mini_Book.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JPA Mini Book;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JPA Mini Book        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FJava Interview Questions.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Interview Questions;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Interview Questions and Answers Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FSpring Interview Questions.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Spring Interview Questions;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Spring Interview Questions and Answers Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FMultithreading and Concurrency Questions.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Multithreading and Concurrency Questions;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Multithreading and Concurrency Questions and Answers Guide  /li  /ul     javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJava  Features.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java  Features;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java  Features Ultimate Guide    to master Java Annotations  download our    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FJava Annotations Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Annotations Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Annotations Ultimate Guide    to better understand Abstraction  download our    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FJava Abstraction.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Abstraction;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Abstraction in Java Guide    to master Reflection  get our    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FJava Reflection Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Reflection Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Reflection Ultimate Guide and to become a guru at Unit Testing  check out our    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F % FJUnit Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JUnit Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JUnit Ultimate Guide !  Also  they have tutorials on :  ul  li    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJMeter Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JMeter Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JMeter Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJava Servlet Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Servlet Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Servlet Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJAXB Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JAXB Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JAXB Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJDBC Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JDBC Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JDBC Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJPA Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JPA Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JPA Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FHibernate Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Hibernate Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Hibernate Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FApache Hadoop Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Apache Hadoop Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Apache Hadoop Tutorial   Ultimate Guide        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F 8% FGit Tutorial.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Git Tutorial;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Git Tutorial   Ultimate Guide  /li  /ul  and cookbooks on :  ul  li    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJSF  .  Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JSF  .  Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JSF  .  Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FSpring Data Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Spring Data Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Spring Data Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FApache Hadoop Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Apache Hadoop Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Apache Hadoop Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F 8% FAndroid Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Android Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Android Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F 8% FJavaFX Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=JavaFX Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   JavaFX Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F 8% FSelenium Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Selenium Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Selenium Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F 8% FVaadin Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Vaadin Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Vaadin Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FMockito Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Mockito Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Mockito Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FJetty Server Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Jetty Server Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Jetty Server Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FApache Maven Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Apache Maven Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Apache Maven Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FApache Tomcat Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Apache Tomcat Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Apache Tomcat Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FGWT Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=GWT Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   GWT Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FGroovy Programming Cookbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Groovy Programming Cookbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Groovy Programming Cookbook        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FGradle Build Automation Handbook.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Gradle Build Automation Handbook;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Gradle Build Automation Handbook  /li  /ul     javacodegeekscourses/    javacodegeeks   Courses in a book format:  ul  li    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FAdvanced java.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Advanced java;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Advanced Java        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FJava Design Patterns.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Design Patterns;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Design Patterns        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F  % FJava Concurrency Essentials.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Java Concurrency Essentials;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Java Concurrency Essentials        javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=    % F % FDeveloping Modern Applications with Scala.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Developing Modern Applications with Scala;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Developing Modern Applications with Scala  /li  /ul  For Android enthusiast  there is    javacodegeeksdownloads/?dlp=   % F  % FAndroid UI Design.pdf;utm_campaign=newsletter_signup;utm_content=Android UI Design;utm_medium=all;utm_source=javacodegeeks    javacodegeeks   Android UI Design Mini Book !    More on advanced I would add also the following :     mkyong   mkyong   http//   roseindia.net    roseindia.net  roseindia.net     jenkov   jenkov   And if you have questions to ask then try    stackoverflow     stackoverflow   stackoverflow   And finally …. may the force be with you on the difficoult path of Java programming : ) /b
 I also do it most of the time. I consider my self best developer in the world heheh ; )
  You can try MALLET :    mallet.cs.umass.edu/    umass.edu  MALLET homepage though it does many other things not just hidden markov models.  Otherwise there is also a stand alone implementation that might be the case you use :    code.googlep/jhmm/    google   jhmm   An Implementation of Hidden Markov Models ; Training in Java   Google Project Hosting
  It seem the answer is different for everyone. I give you my answer and for me it was about exercise.  You find a type of real world problem such as calculating the mean of an interval of numbers then try to solve it by creating a function in the language that you program.  Then when you are good in it try to find a library that makes it for you so that you have not the need to write code again.  Afterwards you move to something more challenging such as object oriented programming. Learn the patterns of OOP and how those are implemented   try to understand the undelying logic and so on.   Take an open source project such as one for querying the API of twitter for data retrival. Try to understand how the objects relate with each other and if there are some patterns that you may recognise. This can help you understand how they are applied in real programming...  So basically you start with simple programming and then move to more complex code. There is always a hard way in the begining but perseverance pays off.    Finally ..there are many other things to say but I'll let you discover yourself .. just keep going.
 If the methods are general purpose and you don't have to override them then you can keep them static. For example in java you find Math.sqrt() Whatever is its task and context it will always calculate the square root of a number. Creating static methods  also helps in creating simple and effective code and helps also mantaining.
  A good book and a pcket guide is this one here:    it ebooks.info/book/   /    it ebooks.info  Java  Pocket Guide  But if you want a more extensive one then try this one here :     it ebooks.info/book/   8/    it ebooks.info  Java  in Action
 More than sites there are web applications such as CMS es writen in PHP. SOme of the most famous are wordpress and joomla. It seems also that the biggest part of the sites are writen in PHP.  About Java I know that JSP technologhy is very used in business web applications due to the good security it provides. One of the most famous site developed in JSP  is stack overflow.
  The constructor of Scanner is not defined. You should define it as  new Scanner(System in); if you want to have input from the console  or as new Scanner(new File( filename.txt )) if you want input from a file. Replace the coma( ) in System in with dot(.). While a write Quora is interpreting it as a web site for sale : )
  You should be very good in one language but this will kind of limit you in doing more. So it is better to know other languages as well. For example if you know very good Java and so JSP  to develop a nice site then it is better to  know some Javascript for making an interactive web site with JQuery for example.
  Try this :   div class= ui_qtext_embed thumbnail  data video provider= youtube  data embed=  iframe width=&quot; %&quot; height=&quot; %&quot; &quot;//www.youtubeembed/Cfd DOnuF w?wmode=opaque;amp;autoplay= ;amp;autohide= ;amp;iv_load_policy= ;amp;enablejsapi= &quot; frameborder=&quot; &quot; allowfullscreen  /iframe   data yt id= Cfd DOnuF w  style= background image: url('img.youtubevi/Cfd DOnuF w/ .jpg');   /div  And try Udemy also. There are plenty of free java courses for beginners. Have a look here :    crunchadeal?Search=Search;s=java+course    crunchadeal   Search for  java course    Udemy coupon code   Deals   codeschool discount  treehouse discount
  Start with a good book such as  Thinking in Java  for example. In general any beginner book is ok. If you find many of them   try to compare the books in order to fill the empty spaces. Learn core Java libs such as java.lang and then try to specialize in one or two  for example java.util that is about datastructures.
  If you want to be productive then learn Python  but if you want to be elegant then learn Java.
  I don't think you are late. It just takes a little time. Check this :    vikingcodeschoolposts/why learning to code is so damn hard    vikingcodeschool   Why Learning to Code is So Damn Hard
   Here are some more libraries for text processing in Java :     jwebpro.sourceforge.net    sourceforge.net  JWebPro: A Java based Web Processing Toolkit  Same as JWeb there is JText:  JTextPro: A Java based Text Processing Toolkit:    jtextpro.sourceforge.net    sourceforge.net  JTextPro: A Java based Text Processing Toolkit  Another library which uses LDA for topic extraction from text is JGibbLDA:     jgibblda.sourceforge.net/# ._How_to_Program_with_JGibbLDA    sourceforge.net  A Java Implementation of Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) using Gibbs Sampling for Parameter Estimation and Inference  There is also mallet java library forma text mining and nlp. You can find it here :    mallet.cs.umass.edu/  mallet.cs.umass.edu/
 I use it for data analysis. There are plenty of libraries for data summary statistics or for visualization. Another thing I use it for is to query Flickr or Twitter API and get geo referenced data.
  you can check this one also :    facebook j/en/index.html    facebook j  Facebook J   A most easily usable Facebook API wrapper in Java
 It seams pretty few(compared to FB) for now. I'm trying to invite some of my friends.
  Here are some good books to study :    analyticsvidhyablog/   /  /books data scientists or aspiring ones/    analyticsvidhya   Must have books for data scientists (or aspiring ones)
  Java is even better. It is one of the most powerful programming languages.
Cousera is also a good site. There you can make an idea of the universities teaching computer science courses or follow the courses online for free.
 I choose two. Java and Python. Java when you want to make nice and precise oop projects and Python when you need to go fast and increase productivity. Knowing both is the best thought.
   I would add these ones that in my oppinion are ten libraries that are worth of mention (and I like very much : ) :  JFreeChart for data visualizations as bar charts  grouped bar charts  line charts  boxplot etc..  :    jfree/jfreechart/    jfree  JFreeChart  for language detection :    code.googlep/language detection/    google   language detection   Language Detection Library for Java   Google Project Hosting    for FlickrData harvesting : flickrapi    code.googlep/socialjeju/downloads/detail?can= ;name=flickrapi  . .jar;q=    google   flickrapi  . .jar   socialjeju   Flickr API   flickrj   jeju univ sns study   Google Project Hosting   for json parsing : simple json    code.googlep/json simple/    google   json simple   JSON.simple   A simple Java toolkit for JSON   Google Project Hosting    for feed parsing :    tutorialsavvy    /  /feed j parser reading rss feed.html    tutorialsavvy   Feed j Parser Reading RSS Feed    for basic linear algebra calculations: JAMA    math.nist.gov/javanumerics/jama/    nist.gov  Java Matrix Package    For statistical calculations and linear algebra . It also has some algorithms for clustering such as BDSCAN and linear regression :    commons.apache/proper/commons math/    apache  Commons Math: The Apache Commons Mathematics Library    Mallet     mallet.cs.umass.edu    umass.edu  MALLET homepage and deeplearning j :    deeplearning j    deeplearning j  Open source  distributed deep learning for the JVM for respectively Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms.     joda time :    joda/joda time/    joda  Joda Time   Home which is a Java library for kind of by passing the Java DateTime API       and obviously last but not least JUnit for testing Java code in a repeated way :    junit    junit  JUnit   About  Some more libraries that are also useful :   a   iText : iText is an API that helps developers to generate or update PDF   documents on the fly programmatically without manual process.    itextpdf     itextpdf   iText  b  JMeter : Apache JMeter is a Java based desktop application  which can be used for load testing to measure the performance of a system or used for stress testing to see if a system is crashed gracefully. It can generate reports to help eliminate bottlenecks of the system or to see how it performs under heavy loads.     jmeter.apache    apache  Apache JMeter   Apache JMeter™  c  JavaCC : JavaCC (Java Compiler Compiler) is an open source lexical analyzer generator and a parser generator for use with the Java applications  which takes a grammar specification (e.g.  EBNF) and generates the Java source code of a lexical analyzer and a parser.     javacc.java.net    java.net  JavaCC Home  d  Apache POI :  (Poor Obfuscation Implementations) is the Java API for Microsoft Documents  which allows you to read and write MS Office documents such as Excel  Word and PowerPoint using Java. Through POI  you can generate MS Office documents dynamically based on requests or to generate personalized reports on the fly. POI supports OLE  files such as XLS  DOC and PPT and new XML based standard Office OpenXML (OOXML) files such as XLSX  DOCX and PPTX.    poi.apache    apache  Apache POI   the Java API for Microsoft Documents
